Bilingual corpora are very important for building natural language processing systems [Moore 2002; Gey et al.
2002], including data-driven machine translation [Dolan et al.
2002], computer-assisted revision of translations [Jutras 2000], and cross-language information retrieval [Chen and Gey 2001].
In order to develop NLP systems, it is useful to align bilingual corpora at the sentence level with very high precision [Moore 2002; Chuang et al.
2002, Kueng and Su 2002].
With aligned sentences, further analysis such as phrase and word alignment analysis [Ker and Chang 1997; Melamed 1997], bilingual terminology [Déjean et al.
2002] and collocation [Wu 200] extraction analysis can be performed.
Yang, C, Li, K. [2003] proposed an alignment method for bilingual title pairs on the Web for automatic generation of bilingual parallel corpora.
The hybrid dictionary approach [Collier et al.
1998], text-based alignment [Kay and Röscheisen 1993], part of speech-based alignment [Chen and Chen 1994], and the lexical method [Chen 1993] are other examples of sentence alignment methods.
While these methods presume little or no prior knowledge of source and target languages, they are relatively complex and require significant amounts of parallel text and language resources.
Much work reported in the computational linguistics literature has focused on aligning English-French and English-German sentences.
While the length-based approach [Gale and Church 1993; Brown et al.
1991] to sentence alignment produces surprisingly good results for French and English with success rates well over 96%, it does not work well for the alignment of English and Chinese sentences.
Simard, Foster, and Isabelle [1992] proposed using cognates on top of the length-based approach to improve the alignment accuracy.
They use an operational definition of cognates, which include digits, alphanumerical symbols, punctuation, and alphabetical words.
Several other measures of cognateness have also been suggested [Melamed 1999; Danielsson and Muhlenbock 2000; Ribeiro et al.
2001], but none of them are sufficiently reliable, and all of them are tailored to close Western language pairs.
Simard, Foster, and Isabelle [1992] pointed out that cognates in two close languages, such as English and French, can be used to measure the likelihood of mutual translation.
Those cognates include alphabetic words, numeric expressions, and punctuation that are almost identical and readily recognizable by computers.
However, for disparate language pairs, such as Chinese and English, that lack a shared Roman alphabet, it is not possible to rely on such cognates to achieve high-precision sentence alignment of noisy parallel corpora.
Research on sentence alignment of English and Chinese texts [Wu 1994], indicates that the lengths of English and Chinese texts are not as highly correlated as they are with French and English, leading to lower precision rates (86.4-95.2%) for length based aligners.
A comparison of the correlation between German-English and Chinese-English bilingual corpora is depicted in Figure 1, where 138 German-English and 151 Chinese-English aligned sentences are analyzed.
The correlations are 0.99 and 0.95 for the German-English and Chinese-English cases, respectively.
The expected ratios and the corresponding standard deviations are (0.92, 0.1124) and (4.614, 0.84) for the German-English and Chinese-English cases, respectively.
Furthermore, for English-Chinese alignment tasks, no orthographic, phonetic, or semantic cognates, that are readily recognizable by computer exist.
Therefore, the inexpensive cognate-based approach is not applicable to Chinese-English tasks.
We are thus motivated to find alternative evidence that two blocks of texts are mutual translations.
It turns out that punctuation can be telling evidence, if we do more than hard matching of punctuation and take into consideration intrinsic sequencing and the statistical distribution of punctuation in ordered comparison.
What is attractive about this approach is that it easily leads to sub-sentential alignment, which has been shown to be useful for statistical machine translation.
Section 2 of this paper, we provide some information about the similarity in the use of punctuation in Chinese and English literature and also the differences.
Our conclusion is that using punctuation as cognates to align disparate parallel texts will fail to provide adequate alignment results.
Section 3, we define a punctuation compatibility factor as an indicator of mutual translation.
A translation model that employs a punctuation probability function is proposed.
In Section 4, we present experiments based on our novel approach of using the statistical properties of punctuation in parallel texts being analyzed to perform bilingual sentence alignment.
We demonstrate that one can use punctuation alone to develop a high-precision sentence alignment program for distant parallel texts like those in Chinese-English corpora.
Additionally, we examine the performance of sentence alignment by using punctuation in combination with length.
In Section 5, we demonstrate that the proposed method is a very cost effective approach that can be effectively applied to other disparate bilingual languages like English-Japanese without a priori language knowledge of them.
A brief conclusion is provided in Section 6.
Figure 1.
The relationships between German-English [Gale and Church 
According to the Longman Dictionary of Applied-Linguistics [Richards et al.
1985], a cognate is " a word in one language which is similar in form and meaning to a word in another language because both languages are related. "
Although the ways in which different languages around the world use punctuation vary, symbols such as commas and full stops are used in most languages to demarcate writing, while question and exclamation marks are used to show interrogation and emphasis.
However, these forms of punctuation can often look different or be used in different ways.
The traditional Chinese writing system does not have punctuation, and it is up to the reader to demarcate the text while reading.
With the influx of Western culture in the eighteenth century, punctuation systems similar to the one used with Roman script was adopted in China and Japan.
The punctuation includes the period, comma, colon, dash, etc.
Although most of those forms of punctuation look similar to Roman ones, they are usually coded as double-bytes and tend to be used differently.
The full stop in Chinese and Japanese is a small empty circle, quite different in appearance from the Roman period.
Quotes are also very different, shaped like a Greek letter Γ, upright or upside down.
There are forms of punctuation that have no counterparts in Roman text.
For instance, " 、 " is the pause symbol, which is used somewhat like the comma but only when separating items in a list.
On the other hand, there are several uses of the Roman comma which do not occur in Chinese texts.
A few examples are given below:  <Equation_0> (1e) Evolution, as far as we know, doesn't work this way.
(1c) 我們所知道的進化論不是如此的。  <Equation_1> (2e) His father, Tom, is a well-known scholar.
(2c) 他的父親湯姆是一位有名的學者。 Yang [1981] described more punctuation marks in Chinese used in various ways that are similar or dissimilar to English punctuation.
In summary, although Simard et al.
[1992] considered the various forms of punctuation in English and French to be cognates, in general, punctuation forms are not cognates for many other language pairs.
In both Chinese and English texts, the average ratio of the punctuation count to the total number of tokens available is low (less than 15%).
But punctuation provides valid additional evidence, which can help one achieve a high degree of alignment precision.
Our method can easily be generalized to other language pairs since minimal a priori linguistic knowledge is required. 
In this section, we will describe how punctuation in two languages can be used to measure the likelihood of mutual translation in sentence alignment.
We will use an example in the following to illustrate the method.
A formal description also follows: If we keep punctuations in the above examples in the original order and strip everything else out, we have ten pieces of punctuation from the English part (3e) and eight from the Mandarin part (3c) as follows:  <Equation_2> They can be arranged into different match types as shown below.
<Equation_3> Figure 2.
The correspondence between two punctuation strings There are several frequently used punctuation forms in Chinese text that are not available in English text, for example, the punctuation forms "、" and "。".
These punctuation forms often correspond to the English punctuation forms "," and ".
", respectively.
It is not difficult to see that the two punctuation strings above match up quite nicely, indicating that the corresponding texts are mutual translations.
Roughly, the first two commas in Chinese correspond to the first two English punctuation marks (comma and period), while the Chinese open quote in the third position corresponds to the English open quote also in the third position.
The two Chinese commas inside the quotes correspond to two of the four commas within the quotes in English.
The two consecutive marks (」 ，) correspond to (,"), forming a 2-2 match.
These correspondences can be unraveled via a dynamic programming procedure, much like sentence alignment.
See Figure 2for more details.
It is apparent that the punctuation in the two strings match up very consistently, and that the matching is somewhat continuous with respect to the alignment of regular words surrounding the punctuation (see the double-lined links in Figure 3for details).
Therefore, the example gives a convincing indication that the correspondence between punctuation across two languages can provide telling evidence that two texts are mutual translations.
Based on our initial observation, the portion of the identifiable punctuation matches between two parallel texts in Chinese and English is over 50%.
Examining Figure 2, we can identify institutively the matches between the Chinese punctuation and the equivalent English punctuation marks: (「) corresponds to ( " ), etc.
This implies that although direct match information is useful, there is still a large discrepancy in the punctuation mappings between Chinese and English.
We, therefore, define here a punctuation compatibility factor that can be used to further analyze the relationship between the punctuation found in parallel texts.
The punctuation compatibility factor as an indicator of mutual translation is defined as max( , )  <Equation_4>  <Equation_5> where γ = the punctuation compatibility factor, c = the number of direct punctuation matches, n = the number of Chinese punctuation marks, m = the number of English punctuation marks.
We took aligned English-Chinese sentences that had the same punctuation count (which is the denominator of Equation 1), take ten for example, in order to determine how well punctuation works as an indicator of mutual translation of English and Chinese sentences.
We also took the same English sentences and matched them up with randomly selected Chinese sentences to calculate the compatibility of punctuation marks in unrelated texts.
The results obtained indicated that the average compatibility of pairs of sentences, which were mutual translations, was about 0.67 (with a standard deviation of 0.170), while the average compatibility of random pairs of bilingual sentences was 0.34 (with a standard deviation of 0.167).
Figure 3.
English punctuation across aligned sentences Aligning Parallel Bilingual Corpora Statistically with Punctuation Criteria Figures 4 through 6 show the compatibility results based on punctuation counts of eight, ten and twelve respectively.
These graphs were constructed by analyzing around 50,000 aligned sentences found in the Sinorama Magazine (1990-2000).
521, 259, and 143 sentences were selected to obtain values of n and m equal to 8, 10, and 12, respectively.
The solid lines simply connect data points for easier observation.
Figure 6.
Compatibility of translation pairs vs. random pairs with n=m = 12 Intuitively, as the number of punctuation marks increases, the reliability of the compatibility function does also.
Overall, if the punctuation marks are softly matched in ordered comparison across the two languages, they indeed provide useful information for effective sentence alignment.
Analyzing the Sinorama corpus, we found that the percentage of matched sentences having the same number of punctuation marks was 21.42%.
We selected and analyzed aligned sentences having different numbers of punctuation marks to get more insight into the distinction between matched and random sentences.
The analysis also helped us to determine the proper use of the binomial distribution function for sentence alignment.
Sentences with eight, ten, and twelve punctuation marks were arbitrarily chosen for analysis.
It appears that the distinction between mutual translations and unrelated texts indeed becomes more prominent for sentences that have larger numbers of punctuation marks.
Instead of one-to-one hard matching of punctuation marks in parallel texts as used in the cognate approach of Simard et al.
(1992), we allow no match and one-to-several matching of punctuation matches.
Our model of the probability of punctuation alignment is very similar to the word alignment model proposed by Brown et al.
(1991).
In order to perform soft matching of punctuation, we define the probability that a sequence of punctuation where A is a punctuation alignment.
Assuming that the probabilities of the individually aligned punctuation pairs are independent and applying the Bayes' rule, we can make the following approximation:  <Equation_6> where which ranges from 0 to 2, We observe that in most cases, the links of punctuation do not cross each other, much like the situation with sentence alignment.
Therefore, it is possible to use the dynamic programming procedure to softly match punctuation across languages.
<Equation_7> In order to explore the relationship between punctuation in pairs of Chinese and English sentences that are mutual translations, we selected a small set of manually aligned texts and investigated the characteristics and the statistics associated with the punctuation.
Information from around 500 manually analyzed sentences was then used as the initial parameters to bootstrap a larger corpus.
An unsupervised EM algorithm and dynamic programming were used to optimize the punctuation correspondence between a text and its translation counterpart.
The steps in the standard EM algorithm which we used included initializing model parameters with manually analyzed punctuation matching probabilities, assigning probabilities to missing punctuation, estimating model parameters from completed data, and iterating the process until convergence was reached.
The EM algorithm converged quickly after the second iteration of training.
We observed that, in most cases, the links of punctuation did not cross each other, much like the situation with sentence alignment.
Therefore, we were motivated to use the dynamic programming procedure to softly match punctuation across the languages by finding the Viterbi path using the punctuation translation function (  <Equation_8> The translation probability functions corresponding to 1-1, 2-2, 1-0, and 0-1 English-Chinese punctuation matches are shown in Tables 1 to 4, respectively.
It should be noted that the calculated probability was the conditional probability of each punctuation mark, therefore, the sum of the probability in each table does not equal to one.
The punctuation match types (also known as the fertility functions) obtained through training are summarized in Table 5.
Notice that the counts shown in the table are not integers because the results of EM training were adjusted using the Good Turing Smoothing Method to improve them.
<Equation_9> Unlike the method Simard et al.
[1992] used to handle cognates, we model the compatibility of punctuation across two languages using the Binomial distribution.
Each punctuation mark appearing in one language either has one to three punctuation counterparts across translation or does not.
For each punctuation mark, the probability of it having a translation counterpart is independent with a fixed value of p. Our approach differs from Simard's in the following interesting ways: 1.
We use the Binomial distribution, while Simard et al.
used a likelihood ratio.
2.
We go beyond hard matching of punctuation marks between parallel texts.
We allow a punctuation mark in one language to match up with a number of compatible punctuation marks in another.
The compatibility model is similar in structure to the lexical translation probability proposed by Brown et al.
[1991].
3.
We take into consideration the intrinsic sequencing of punctuation marks in an ordered comparison.
A flexible and ordered comparison of punctuation is carried out via dynamic programming.
Following Gale and Church [1993], we employ the Bayes Theorem to estimate the likelihood of aligning two text blocks E and C by calculating P(E, C|match) P(match).We adopt the same dynamic programming method, but use punctuation marks to measure the likelihood of mutual translation instead of lengths.
The proposed sentence alignment method is based on a model in which each punctuation mark in L1 is responsible for generating a number of punctuation marks with a given matching probability in L2.
We define the probability of mutual translation for a given alignment pattern P(A| C,E) as follows: Given two blocks of text E and C, we first strip off non-punctuation therein and determine the maximum number of punctuation marks n in either E or C. We employ punctuation-based sentence alignment, which maximizes the probability of overall possible alignment, given a pair of parallel texts, i.e., arg max ( , )  <Equation_10> where A is an alignment and C and E are the source and target texts, respectively.
A further approximation encapsulates the dependence of a single parameter b, which is a function of CP and EP: P(A|Ci,Ej) = P(A|b(CP,EP)) .
Since it is easier to estimate the distribution for the inverted form, we apply Bayes' Rule to further simplify the calculation: P(A|b) = P(b|A)P(A)/P(b) , where P(b) is a normalizing constant that can be ignored during minimization.
P (A) is the match type, and its values are shown in Table 6.
We use a binominal distribution to estimate P(b):  <Equation_11> where P Cp Ep = the probability of the existence of a compatible punctuation mark in both languages;  <Equation_12> the match type probability of aligning  <Equation_13> the total number of sentences that are aligned.
From the data, we have found that about 66% of the time, a sentence in one language matches exactly one sentence in the other language (1-1).
Three additional possibilities should be also considered: 1-0 (including 0-1), and many-1 (including 1-many).
Chinese-English parallel corpora are quite noisy, reflecting from wider possibilities of the match types.
Here, we used the same probabilistic figures as proposed by Chuang and Chang [2002].
Table 6shows all eight possibilities used in our implementation.
The  <Equation_14> can be estimated using the Gaussian assumption following Gale and Church [1993].
Incorporating both the length-based and punctuation-based criteria, we can modify equation (3) as follows: 1  <Equation_15> The same dynamic programming optimization can then be used.
Again, the computation and memory costs are very low when both the length-based and punctuation-based criteria are employed.
The average slopes of c l and e l , and the associated standard deviations are estimated in an adaptive manner for each corpus being evaluated [Chuang et al.
2002]. 
To explore the relationship between the punctuation marks in pairs of Chinese and English sentences that are mutual translations, we prepared a small set of 200 pairs of sentences aligned at the sentence and punctuation levels.
We then investigated the characteristics of and the statistics associated with the punctuation marks.
We derived estimates of the punctuation translation probabilities and fertility probabilities from the small set of hand-tagged data.
This seed information was then used to train the punctuation translation model on a larger corpus via the EM algorithm.
The probability of a punctuation mark having a translation counterpart was estimated as p = 0.670 with a standard deviation 0.170.
For random pairs of bilingual sentences, p = 0.340, with a standard deviation 0.167.
There appears to be marked differences between the two distributions, indicating that, indeed, soft and ordered comparison of punctuation marks across languages provide useful information for effective sentence alignment.
In order to assess the performance of punctuation-based sentence alignment, we randomly selected five bilingual articles from the Sinorama Magazine Corpus and Scientific American (US and Taiwan editions), and several chapters from the novel Harry Potter.
These were subjected to an implementation of the proposed method.
Some experimental results are shown in appendices A and B.
It should be noted that in Appendix A, the first English sentence and the first Chinese sentence are both title sentences, and that they are aligned based on the carriage return deliminater, even though no punctuation marks are found in the English sentence.
We found that, in general, there were more periods in the English text than that in the Chinese text for a given bilingual corpus, especially in the case of a text translated from Chinese into English.
As an example, 112 periods were found in a Chinese article [Sinorama 1988], whereas only 180 periods were found in the corresponding English translation.
This phenomenon can be further seen by examining the punctuation distribution.
The relationship between the number of sentences and the number of punctuation marks per sentence for the English-Chinese corpus was determined by analyzing 6,103 articles, including around 130,000 sentences, from Sinorama Magazine between 1976 and 2000.
1,138,447 punctuation marks were found in the English corpus and 2,056,675 punctuation marks in the Chinese corpus.
Apparently, punctuation marks are used more sparingly in Chinese sentences.
As shown in Figure 7, there were two punctuation marks in most of the English sentences and three in most of the Chinese sentences.
The figure alsoshows that a few long sentences had close to one hundred punctuation marks, but these were unuseful.
Figure 7.
The punctuation distribution for a bilingual corpus This observation prompted us to establish a special rule that the combination of a comma and an open quote in a Chinese sentence should be considered as being equivalent to a full stop.
Applying this rule, we found that the sentence count increased from 112 to 126 for the Chinese text mentioned in the above example.
This empirical rule helped to improve the The precision rate of the length-based approach [Gale and Church 1993] is shown in Table 7as a baseline for comparison.
The precision rate is defined as the ratio between the number of correctly matched sentences in the system output and the number of matched sentences generated from the system output.
The large variation observed in the alignment precision is primary due to the disparity in the lengths and match types.
The experimental results obtained with the punctuation-based approach and the combination approaches are shown in Tables 8 and 9.
Overall, the punctuation-based approach outperformed the length-based approach, reducing the error rates consistently, and the improvement could exceed 50% at times.
Table7.
Baseline sentence alignment performance achieved using the length-based approach Articles Additionally, we evaluated our method on a larger corpus the Scientific American Corpus.
We used all of the English and Chinese articles from January 2003 to December 2003.
There were 67 articles, 1523 English sentences, and 1599 Chinese sentences.
Every article included both an English text and its corresponding Chinese text.
The punctuation-based sentence alignment method achieved alignment precision rates of over 93%.
Inferior performance was achieved when the hybrid punctuation and length-based method was used as compared with the punctuation-based method alone, as shown by the results listed in Tables 8 and 9.
This phenomenon may be attributed to the strong dependence of the length-based method on the average length of the sentences being analyzed.
Apparently, length-based methods do not perform well in the case of a corpus that is composed of shorter sentences.
Therefore, a length-based method may achieve poorer performance when it is combined with a punctuation-based method.
Consequently, caution should be exercised in interpreting these precision rates.
Our approach has been proven to be effective, and it has been used to construct a concordancer system called TotallRecall [Wu et al.
2003] in a Computer Assisted Language Learning (CALL) project.
Based on the results of our experiments, it was also possible to speed up the corpus annotation and distribution efforts made by the Association for Computational Linguistics and Chinese Language Processing. 
We achieved a striking improvement over the length-based baseline for bilingual text alignment when punctuation was used alone or in combination with lexical information.
Combining punctuation and length information, we could get slightly better overall performance.
However, the improvement was not entirely consistent.
Thus we need to experiment on a longer parallel text in order to be more certain about it.
Although word alignment links cross each other quite often, punctuation links do not.
It appears that we can obtain sub-sentential alignment at the clause and phrase levels from the alignment of punctuation.
For instance, after we align the punctuation in examples (3c) and (3e), we can extract the following finer-grained bilingual analyses: (5c) 逐漸的 
We have developed a very effective sentence alignment method based on punctuation.
The probability of the finding matches between different punctuation marks in source and target texts is calculated based on a large bilingual corpus.
The punctuation-based measure of mutual translation can be modeled by the binomial distribution.
We have implemented the proposed method on the parallel Chinese-English Sinorama Magazine Corpus.
The experimental results show that the punctuation-based approach outperforms the length-based approach with precision rates exceeding 93%.
We have also demonstrated that the alignment method can be applied to other bilingual texts, without the need for a priori linguistic knowledge of the languages, like Japanese and English.
This general approach has been found to be fast, easy to set up, and universal.
We believe that this method can be easily applied to many different languages.
A number of interesting future directions for researches present themselves.
First, punctuation alignment can be exploited to constrain word alignment and reduce error rates.
Second, punctuation alignment makes possible a finer-grained level of bilingual analysis of sub-sentential alignment and can provide a strikingly more effective translation memory and bilingual concordance for more effective example-based machine translation (EBMT), computer assisted translation and language learning (CAT and CALL).
Appendix A Some experimental results of sentence alignment based on length and punctuation are presented here.
Shaded parts indicate imprecision in alignment results.
We calculated the precision rates by dividing the number of un-shaded sentences (counting both English and Chinese sentences) by the total number of sentences proposed.
Since we did not exclude aligned pairs using a threshold, the recall rate should be the same as the precision rate.
The experimental results indicate that when non 1-1 matches next to each other tend to fail the length-based aligner.
However, the punctuation-based aligner appears to handle such cases more successfully.
to pay to put their children through university is certainly not that they hope they will become passionate seekers after truth, but to enable them to find good careers," says Providence University president Li Chia-tung bluntly.
教育不能「窄化」成只為經濟服務， 但現實的狀況是， 11 Yet in reality, "the reason most parents are willing to pay to put their children through university is certainly not that they hope they will become passionate seekers after truth, but to enable them to find good careers," says Providence University president Li Chia-tung bluntly.
「大部分家長之所以肯花錢讓孩子來 念大學，絕不是希望孩子以後熱衷於 真理的追求，而是為了使孩子將來能 找到好職業，」靜宜大學校長李家同 明白地說。 Sentence alignment based on length 念大學，絕不是希望孩子以後熱衷於 Appendix B More English-Chinese alignment results.
Sentence alignment based on length 31 "The advocacy of core curriculum teaching is in itself a very important education for teachers."
Lin Ku-fang says that when NHMC was set up it made broad-based education one of its founding principles, but discovered that attitudes were very hard to change, because "people today feel they are respected for their profession rather than their personality."
Although when first studying an academic discipline one starts from a general outline, nonetheless one must be very well versed in a subject to teach it well.
「通識本身的提倡，對老師就是很重 要的教育，」文化評論者林谷芳指出， 南華成立時就把通識教育視為創校理 念，但還是發現觀念問題最難突破， 因為「現代人常覺得自己被尊重是因 為我的專業，而不是我的人。」 discipline one starts from a general outline, nonetheless one must be very well versed in a subject to teach it well.
論，但真的得弄通，才教得好， 11 "There is a great sense of challenge about core curriculum teaching, but many people make the mistake of thinking it is very simple," says Lin.
「通識挑戰意味很濃，但大家都誤以 為很簡單。」 21 The scope of core curriculum teaching appears very broad, but it still has to start from the basics.
In Lin Ku-fang's view, any branch of academic learning can be viewed on the three levels of "man and nature," "man and man," and "man and the supernatural, or that which transcends self."
通識範圍看起來很廣，但還是由基礎 出發，林谷芳認為，任何學科都可以 從「人與自然」 、 「人與人」 、 「人與超 自然或自我」三個層次來看。 Appendix C Sentence alignment of English-Japanese parallel texts based on punctuation.
Sentence alignment based on punctuation Type English text Japanese Text 11 Liu Tseng-kuei, of Academia Sinica's Institute of History and Philology, once analyzed over 570 female names used during the Han dynasty in hopes it might shed some light on what the people of that time hoped to see in a woman.
中央研究院歴史語言研究所の副研究 員である劉増貴さんは、 漢代において 女性に何が期待されていたかを理解 するために、570 名余りの漢代の女性 の名前を研究したことがある。 , , .
、、。 12 It turns out that about two-thirds of the names examined were suitable for either women or men.
その結果、 ３分の２の名前が男でも女 でも通用するものであることがわか った。 漢代の女性の名前には実に力強 いものも少なくない。 .
、。。 21 Wang Mang, who usurped the throne in 9 AD, named his daughter Jie ("nimble and quick").
The daughter of the emperor Huan Di (132-167 AD) was named Jian ("solid and resolute") while her mother, the empress Deng, had the even more emphatic name of Mengnu, which means "fierce woman"!
王莽の娘の名は「倢」 、後漢の桓帝の 娘の名は「堅」といい、桓帝の時の皇 后の名は、より直接的な「猛女」とい うものだったのである。 , , ( " " ) .
<Equation_16> , " " !
「」 、 「」 、、 「」 。 11 Says Liu, "These names show that society at that time had not yet come to hold the two sexes to such very different standards."
「この現象は、 男性と女性の道徳行為 に対する社会の要求が、 あまり違わな かったことを示しています」 と劉増貴 さんは言う。 , " . "
「、、」 。 11 Although they were gradually beginning to use specifically feminine names alluding to a gentle and submissive nature, such traits as a resolute spirit and an agile, tough body were also seen as virtues in a woman.
当時、 いわゆる女性的な名前もしだい に増えており、 女性を低く見るという 観念も確かにあったが、 それでも女性 が強くたくましくあることも肯定さ れていたのである。 , , .
、、、。 11 "The notion of the ideal woman being soft and weak was not so universally accepted then as it would later come to be."
「女性は弱くておとなしい方が良い とする考えは、 後の時代のように絶対 的なものではなかったようです」 と劉 増貴さんは言う。 " . "
「、」 。 
