By using entities instead of text  , heterogeneous content can be handled in an integrated manner and some disadvantages of statistical similarity approaches can be avoided. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. Just indexing multimedia through text search engines is quite imprecise; in a random sample we took  , only 1.4% of the text on Web pages with images described those images. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. where the output of F 1 is the rank position of a page of popularity x  , and F 2 is a function from that rank to a visit rate. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Consequently  , all statistics computed on the completed database will be correct. Figure 1shows an example of Google image search 1 . For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . an MS-Word document. The model is based on PLSA  , and authorship  , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. For the performance measure we used the Rand Statistic 8  , which measure the agreement between two sets of clusters X and Y for the same set of n objects as: To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to generally study selection bias to improve the effectiveness of learning-to-rank models. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. A sample rated aspect summarization of one of the sellers is shown in Table 2 . We allow seoping using two functions. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. This is computationally hard and has two main sources of complexity: i combinatorial explosion of possible compositions  , and ii worst-case exponential reasoning. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. To that end  , a transfer function approach to the open loop dynamics of the translating foil was presented. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. However  , these systems are not typical recommender systems in essence in that they have not taken users' interest into account. To verify that  , we compute the Pearson correlation between a street segment's unpleasant smells as per Formula 4 in Section 4 and the segment's sentiment. Let T2 be the set of Kendall-τ scores for various subset sizes calculated when the evaluation metric is different from the metric used for query selection – the selection metric. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. The NECLA team submitted four automatic runs to the 2012 track. The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. Faceted Search or Faceted Browsing is increasingly used in search applications  , and many websites already feature some sort of faceted search to improve the precision of their website search results. H I Z is the transfer function between velocity at motor d  , and velocity at the end-effector V when the motor is free T  , = 0. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. , less than or equal to the sum of the sub-result costs. This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. Major approaches for CLIR include bilingual dictionaries 3  , 7  , 141  , parallel collections 4  , 7  , 10  , 61 and comparable collections 26 or some combination of these. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. Many of the TPC-D queries also require a sort of the final result   , which usually is small. , volume that is outside the ellipsoid  , which creates many false positives during search. , by tracking users on third-party Web sites. The parameters of that function are the mean value and standard deviation that we have found in the learning stage. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? Specific keywords like: " robots + legs "   , " humanoid + robots " or " wheels + robots " were not used  , since they would have biased the sample of the search results. The 10 components giving the best coverage of motif occurrences in the human upstream regions found by each method have been presented here. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. It extracted topics based on a pre-defined topic similarity function  , which considered both semantic similarity and mission similarity. This section is divided into four subsections. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? Even the proximity of one search string found within a specified number of words to another search string increases the probability of correlation between the search strings. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. Fujii and Ishikawa 7  use a different one-tomany English-string-to-Japanese-string mapping model. This discovery illustrated the power of using Google search results for query expansion. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. The goal of Perspective Folding is to not simply to provide a large field of view but to give a frame of reference around the robot and present cues that peripheral vision and optic flow contribute to locomotion  , perception of self-motion  , and perception of other moving objects. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. , luv as well as regular expressions for capturing compound morphing are constructed from HF and Wilson terms  , applied to the LF term set  , and refined iteratively in a manner similar to the repeat-character refinement steps describe above. We compute TFIDF in both source and target language corpora for each term. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. Metrics. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. was executed. However  , when the dimensionality of feature space is too high  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently 46. If it has a function then it should fulfill it the best way possible and I do not think that humanlike appearance is feasible for all aims. " A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. The experiments on TREC Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . The parameters of the document language models are estimated by interpolating relative frequency of occurrence of the term w in the document D with the relative frequency of occurrence in the document collection C. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. This results in topic distributions associated with the sets Q and QA and each element contained therein θ Q i and θ QA i Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. In addition  , we denote α Q n as the relative emphasis on freshness aspect estimated by the query model fQ the GEMINI framework 9. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: , m q } where y qi = r which means i-th pair has rank r. The NDCG score for scene q is defined as 29 In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. If we number variables left-to-right in character strings of terms  , we can obtain the lexicographic order by variable length character sort. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. a and y of Equation 1 are assigned 0.1 and 0.9 respectively. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. The noise covariance matrix Q can be also learned by off-line tuning. , through memoization 42. The concluding ' Section 5 is briefly concluding the method and presents its prospective applications including comments on feasibility of the hardware implementation. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. When inspecting these metrics  , please note that the lowest precision is above 0.68  , an important fact for the federated search application. This goal is achieved with the use of Wikipedia. This implies that there is no need to introduce very sophisticated word probability models: word probabilities only influence the classification through the class prior This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Executing an action with a high Q-value in the current state does not necessarily return an immediate high reward  , but the future actions will very likely return a high cumulative reward. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. We leave a more extensive evaluation including such heuristics as future work. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. Also  , despite the scarcity of software data and the fact that the LD procedure involves an efficiency cost due to the elimination of a large amount of valuable data  , most software engineering researchers have used it due to its simplicity and ease of use. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. , in regular expression specifies that the edge is optional. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. Presenting an approach to construct a domain-dependent lexicon for identifying expansion concepts.  Incorporating both context i.e. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. For example  , with full expansion of all query terms  , CNF expansion Table 3 gets a MAP of 0.2938  , 23% better than 0.2384 of the bag of word expansion with the same expansion terms  , significant at p < 0.0025 by the randomization test and weakly significant at p < 0.0676 by the sign test. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. A candidate item is downloaded means web pages related to the suggestion are downloaded. From the 259 ,794 sites in the data set  , the leaf nodes were removed  , leaving 153 ,127 sites. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. Thus the E-step remains the same. After looking at the cache profile of the PartitionedSort we notice that the cache misses could be further reduced in the merge phase by fusing the sorting and merging of each of the partitions i.e. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . 's simulated annealing solver. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. For many single terms  , temporal significance is implied by their context i.e. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Therefore  , the true bandwidth of the system will depend on the servo valve characteristics. 'l The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. To improve efficiency  , and in particular space utilization   , implementing hashing for a file stored on a WORM disc will involve some degree of buffering on a magnetic disc for both the mapping table and the contents of hash buckets. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. We initially clone the live object set to know what it was set to before we begin walking the object graph. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. A set of 275 random English address queries  , both structured and unstructured  , covering geographic regions from the United States and India were collected from users and user location search query logs. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. Problems that are easily solved by SPPL planner can at the same time be very difficult for the best general AI planners. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. We treat merge joins as three different operations. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. We consider a dynamic caching setup  , as earlier works show that for reasonably large caches  , dynamic caching approaches outperform the static counterparts 9. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. This approach supports the efficient insertion of data  , but penalizes queries significantly  , as a query has too look up all N*K component trees. The classifier was trained on the Blog06 text collection first  , and then applied to the posts in the Blog08 text collection to estimate the probability of each post being relevant to the query. search. a =in order Eps' . When there exist no modeling errors  , i.e. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. This paper contributes to an aspect of similarity search that receives increasing attention in information retrieval: The use of hashing to significantly speed up similarity search. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. In Section 5  , we make conclusions. , hash join  , sort-merge join  , nested-loops join in P is replaced with a logical join operator. , pat. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. This NBD-based similarity was calculated as 1 − NWDx  , y  , with NWDx  , y calculated as specified in Definition 2  , using the Microsoft Bing Search API 4 as a search engine. This means that we can start emitting results right away when we retrieve the first result from the index. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. In Section 8  , we make a detailed comparison with our proposal. We only require that a special markup syntax  , a marker  , is available for denoting where holes occur in the source text of a template page. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. It assumes a value of 1 if the leg is on the ground and 0 otherwise. Figure  1shows the results. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. Each region is assigned a degree of coherence that is based on visual properties of the region including fonts  , colors and size. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . The rope tensile force  , fR   , can he represented by: The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. And then we propose a probabilistic model based approach to explore the blended search problem. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. Hence  , to measure how similar two queries are  , we can use a notion of similarity between the corresponding categories provided by the search results of Google Directory. A path type is a quadruple G  , p  , s  , F where  Bssentially a link expression LE is a regular expression over class names which must belong to link classes. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. for sequencing have their usual meaning. vi. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. We propose two discriminatively trained probabilistic models that model individual posts as hidden variables. All coders labeled 1050 images 510 saliency condition  , 540 playback condition in the same order. This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. With the dual goal of relevancy and diversity  , we design a two-stage framework to find a set of questions that can be used to summarize a review. , PLSA. , using Keizai 4  , Mulinex 1 and recently MIRACLE 3. In a similar way  , upon our sample  , our methodology has identified two types of users: those who are privacy-concerned minority and those who belong to the pragmatic majority. RQ6 b. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. This behavior first searches a small area around the last known position of object by generating a random small motion in CS. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. This is because our instrumentation introduces additional conjuncts in the path conditions  , occasionally making constraint solving harder. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. This is in contrast to the very large body of work in experimental game theory; see  , e.g. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. As we can see  , the proposed approach is an order of magnitude faster than the production quality regular expression solution. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. Similarly  , there may not be one pattern with the highest nested-level in the pattern tree. It was important to make the best use of the previously tagged documents  , and to ensure that regular expressions used by the system were not too specic as to require multiple expressions for a single question construct. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. Precision for each of the four language models and the regular expression classifier are reported in Table 7tagging refers to entity and part of speech tagging. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. This challenge has contributed to the increasing popularity of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR among researchers in the Information Retrieval IR community in recent years. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. This is because LSH method is data-oblivious and may lead to inefficient codes in practice as also observed in 22 and 34. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. The ARMin robot that was built with four active DoFs in the first prototype has now been extended with two additional DoFs for the forearm in order to allow training of ADLs and an additional DoF to accommodate the vertical movement of the center of rotation of the shoulder joint. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. Shannon Entropy is defined as Figure 2ashows the evolution of the trajectory in the x   , y  , and z directions   , respectively  , and Figure 2bshows the negative of ei for the collision avoidance subtask. More interestingly  , the pages consisted of grammatically well-formed German sentences  , stitched together at random. We compute the values as follows: Below we first give a brief overview of iMed  , and then focus on iMed's iterative search advisor  , which integrates medical and linguistic knowledge to help searchers improve search results through iterative search. Evaluations on Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR  , which consists of retrieving documents written in one language using queries written in another language  , is another interest. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. First  , low level operators in most commercial DBMSs are very similar  , for example  , scan  , index scan  , nested join  , sort merge join  , depth first pointer chasing  , etc. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. Therefore  , in this paper  , we propose new Word Embedding-based metrics to capture the coherence of topics . Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. Of the 1200 queries  , only 15 had different APs – and the reason was outside the AP system itself. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. We measured the effectiveness of our techniques in terms of average retrieval precision which was computed using the standard 11 recall-point measurement for TREC. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. 7 dshows the block diagram in case of applying the inverse transfer function compensation to the charge amplifier. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. The model underlying the scoring function assumes the user has a certain propensity to navigate outward from the initial query results  , and that navigation is directed based on the user's search task. For each query term  , we expand it by an additional term that has the highest cohesion value with the other words of the original query. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. The third area is user in- teraction. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. *Yahoo! The surface model provides the position and orientation of each leaf. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. We use SNN 3 for the former and DBSCAN 2 for the latter. LAt is inspired by our earlier observation that page titles are excellent navigational features. Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. Effectively  , students accessed 53 documents from different search results lists and out of these 53  , 16 were among the top 3 documents. The main differences between Apriori and Eclat are how they traverse this tree and how they determine the counter values. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. The averaged tactile sensor data  , which is independent of the force data  , has a standard deviation of 0.4 % peak strain so we expect a fitting error of 0.9 % peak strain. Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 1. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. Our solution was to extend PAISLey informally. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. To test whether CLIR systems that perform well in the news stories domain are robust enough to simply be used in a different domain  , we have compared SYSTRAN easiest  , most convenient choice that worked extremely well in past evaluation forums and two corpus-based methods trained on the Springer corpus. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. Conversion functions are logically executed at the end of a modification block. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. , CiteULike 3 for scientific documents and del.icio.us for web pages. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. In addition  , in all phases of the maneuver  , the aircraft can benefit from the increased controllability offered by its wings without suffering significantly from increased drag. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. Generally   , two different approaches were considered  , as shown in Figure 3. Since the function testme runs in an infinite loop  , the number of distinct feasible execution paths is infinite. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. Substituted search keys require less space than an encrypted search key. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. In this part  , we investigate the overall user search behavior change with regard to the change of the search environment with a deliberate setback. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. Although it takes long time to converge  , the learning method can find a sequence of feasible actions for the robot to take. As hcforc  , the result site is taken to he the join site l.or these tests. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. For the log-based query expansion  , we use 40 expansion terms. Initially attention was focused on the Lindeberg condition which in more broad sense means that 1 is not dominated by any finite number increments ΔS k and in particular  , when increments are identically distributed  , it means V ΔS k  < ∞. Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. A sort may wait in one of five situations: Wl: in stage 0 waiting to start; W2: in stage 1 with 1stMin space; W3: in stage 1 with more memory; W4: in stage 3; W5: before an external merge step. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. and attempts to derive such ranking by maximizing the buying probability of next items over the whole purchase history. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. Using deviance measures  , e.g. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. Rosetta uses real-time document translation and incremental indexing to accommodate live content.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. In order to perform accurate positioning  , Dudek and Mackenzie 2 composed sonar based maps where explicit model objects were constructed out of sonar reading distribution in space. An internal sort is performed on each of these buffers with respect to the tags of the data items. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The test MRDs were not used in this phase. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. Coverage does not exceed 79%. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. One approach to generating such suggestions is to find all pairs of similar queries based on the similarity of the search results for those queries 19. Moreover  , we develop a refined query expansion mechanism that uses the fields. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. The S-PLSA model can be trained in a batch manner on a collection of reviews  , and then be applied to analyze others. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. These latter search tasks both presume a very small set of relevant documents. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. We describe a detailed experimental evaluation on a set of over 1500 web-service operations. Constructing an accurate domain-specific search engine is a hard problem. It must drop the left Q-value of .9 all the way down to say .119  , while moving the 0 up to .5. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. Popular non-averagereward-based learning techniques such as Q learning are effective at the action level  , but not at the task level  , because they do not induce cooperation  , understood as the division of labor according to function and/or location. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. 3d. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. This means that diversifying top-10 search results reduces the risk of not returning any relevant documents. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. 5 Therefore  , understanding how people search for people is a critical issue in information retrieval. Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. This low storage requirement in turn translates to higher search efficiency. Pre-selected biomedical concepts appearing in the documents were tagged using a dictionary-based named entity recognition technique. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. We form such feature vectors for all synonymous word-pairs positive training examples as well as for non-synonymous word-pairs negative training examples. The ZPETC can solve this problem. , the top 1 ,000 search result images from search engines  , and edges are weighted based on their pairwise visual similarity. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. In training phase  , the sentences retrieved are used as train samples. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. For example  , in the scenario of training ratios to be 5% and 10%  , the AUCs of HS-MP are around 4%∼5% larger than the AUCs of the random forest. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. , defined by frequencies of events in the sample then uncertain measures are simply summaries of several individual observations for each fact. Even for a small distance between top and bottom levels of the search window  , the number of markings will grow exponentially as the window advances. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. If the handles were clustered randomly  , direct mapping performed a little better than both hashing and the B+-tree because it used significantly less disk space about 30 ,000 pages. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Therefore  , our findings should only be interpreted as the meaning matching technique could potentially outperform one of the best known query translation techniques. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. However  , we employ clickthrough query-document pairs to improve segmentation accuracy and further refine the retrieval model by utilizing probabilistic query segmentation. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. One reason for this practice may be the exponential growth in informational records grows at exponential rates which may contribute to higher overall discovery costs for organizations. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that relates results quality and diversity to expected payoff and risk in clicks and provides a model to optimize these quantities. Note that the retrieval model proposed here is independent of the query segmentation technique. Columns show project  , model 1 -the full model in Equation 3 and 2 -the simplified model from Equation 4  , degrees of freedom  , log-Likelihood  , likelihood ratio  , and p-value for the test comparing the full and the simplified models. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. In other words  , despite the fact that clicked and viewed pages in the downloaded page set constitute a small fraction of this set  , these pages are promising sources for discovering new pages frontier with high search impact. Information Retrieval models have come a long way. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. the selection of the correct translation words from the dictionary. Hildebrandt et al. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. For example  , unit names as abbreviations are inflected in Finnish by appending a : and the inflection ending. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. Although uol. A feature many felt was lacking was a " smart search technology that can predict a user's intended search query when he misspells something  , like the Google search engine's 'Did you mean ? " The next section will discuss the classification method. For exact search  , we find records containing the first two keywords and a word with prefix of " li "   , e.g. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. Differently from our point of view  , in 32 the problem of the capacity allocation is considered for a single virtualized server among competing user requests  , while in this paper we consider the infrastructure data center at a higher granularity i.e. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. This is also the case for zoo and hepatitis  , and for mushroom  , where even a much larger data set includes misleading instances if a small support threshold is chosen. The vertical axis is the location of passages in the book with page 1 at the top. Two cases have to be distinguished. Moreover  , in order to incorporate the information from the users' social interactions and tagging  , we adopt the following ad hoc procedure. beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. However parts with circular edges can produce ramps in the transfer function such that there is no upper bound on plan length as a function of n. In A parts feeding plan is a sequence of open loop squeezing actions specified by the orientation of the gripper. Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. In particular  , this loop can dramatically reduce the friction felt by the operator and dramatically improve the " transparency " of a teleoperation system. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. Substituting this into the relation for Ci and simplifying gives  , This is still a nondimensional equation. Judges could browse a book sequentially or jump to a page  , browse using the hyperlinked table of contents  , search inside the book  , and visit the recommended candidate pages listed on the Assessment tab. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . Different people may use the shared machine at different times  , but to a remote observer all activity is associated with a single identifier  , and people's search behaviors will be intertwined in search logs. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. At the beginning of the interpretation of the given function  , the argument values are assigned with value and reference dependencies of themselves. Consider a two class classification problem. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Observe that new required order properties are generated by:  NOP if its child is a Sort operator i.e. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. Our next experiment dealt with query expansion based on external resource. Differences in the selection of search strategies Comparison of the interseascher concept-consistency mean values and the number of search concepts per search request showed a strong and also statistically highly significant negative correlation rs = -0.893; p = 0 ,0001  , see Table 2between them  , The searchers who selected more search concepts per search request achieved lower conceptconsistency mean values than other searchers. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. where x and y are the 100 reciprocal performance scores of manual evaluation and automatic evaluation  , respectively. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. However  , as shown in various submissions to the CLIR tracks of TREC  , researchers often failed to locate resources  , either free or commercial  , for translating directly between major 3.1  , the geometric mean heuristics as in 6 poses some challenge to be implemented in the word synchronous fashion. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. Figure 5shows a partial search tree for our example constraint  , where the branches correspond to the three derivations in Figures  2  , 3  , and 4. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. * ?i. What value does the evolution provide to the organization ? 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. Table 1presents the results. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. Moreover  , the number of nonzero elements of user vectors is determined by the number of items that are given a non-nil response by both paired users. Most other operators  , except aggregations  , can be changed to operate directly on these tuplecodes. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. The equivalent of the entity-relationship diagram in figureshows the relationship of document records to search sets. There are various visual distance measures and we arbitrarily use the Pearson correlation distance in these experiments. As more subgoals are generated and path segments are generated between them with the heuristic strategy  , they will form a graph that approximates the connectivity of the cspace 6119. Based on the structure of cooking graphs  , we proceed to propose a novel graph-based similarity calculation method which is radically different from normal text-based or content-based approaches. Given that Model- U achieves τ = 0.659  , we achieve a relative improvement of 23%. While all three access mechanisms were identified prominently in the tutorial—a color  , printed document left with each participant—non-text access required extra thought and work. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. It then constructs node sets V r = {v|v  , t ∈ X}  , and V s = V \ V r . Expansion features express if the losing information from an untranslated term can be recovered by the semantics from the rest of terms with query expansion. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. , Hadoop Distributed File System. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. For an environment depicted in Fig. The " full " model is trained on all observed names across all 129 years whereas the " slidingwindow " models consist of a series of submodels each of which is trained using observations for a given year +/-a window of 4 years: 1880 1888  , 1889 1897  ,   , 2000 20088. The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. The las~ two letters indicate either sort-merge  " SM "  or nested loops  " NL "  join. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. Our work focuses on two main areas  , the first is devising a method for combining text annotations and visual features into one single MPEG-7 description and the second is how best to carry out text and nontext queries for retrieval via a combined description. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. We have shown how security abstractions can be modeled as extensions to traditional state machines. We can bring back the third jump to a legal place by interpolation with the second jump. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. As a result of age identification  , 9185 visits were classified as adult  , 5747 as elder  , 581 as teen  , 273 as child  , and 3248 had no age information. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. To improve coverage  , we also include the synonyms of each symptom  , which are identified via a two-step random walk on the click-graph of a search engine 3. Our initial intuition is that a sort-merge based join phase should be applied in this case. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. If the copy sent to the crawler contains more than a threshold of links that don't exist in the copy sent to the browser  , we mark it as a candidate and send it to the second step. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. Otherwise  , these constraints require that at least one regrasp operation must be performed. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. The sequence length here is that the average number of iterations per calculation is indeed quite close to 1. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. In order to assess the quality of a search  , a popular method is to make a sample of search results for assessment. In practice  , MPF was unable to run sufficient current for actuation at this scale. First  , we look at the top layer weights for field pairs: Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. All these factors turned out to be significantly correlated with MCAS score p < .05  , N=417 Particularly  , the correlations between the two online measures ORIGINAL_PERCENT_CORRECT and PERCENT_CORRECT and MCAS score are 0.753 and 0.763  , even higher than the correlation between SEP-TEST and MCAS score actually  , 0.745. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. In practice however  , this is almost always the case under any definition of exemplar quality. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Since the amount of data is known at the start of the merge step  , the sort is able to allocate exactly the amount of memory needed. Once the list of central actors is generated  , documents of these authors could be displayed and used as starting points for further search activities citation search  , similarity search. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. The sparsity parameter value has been adjusted to tune the model. Table 1lists the average precision across 11 recall points for both the homogeneous collections and the heterogeneous collections. 13  , found search motivations such as navigational search  , informational search or resource finding. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. 12  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 11. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. As mentioned before  , the information about the purpose of a website is usually located around the homepage since most publishers want to tell the user what a website is about  , before providing more specific information. The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . Selected MWUs were then suggested to the user for interactive query expansion. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. Semisupervised learning is a popular machine learning manner  , which makes use of unlabeled training samples with a part of labeled samples for building the prediction model 4950. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. Only the start-up overhead of about 100 TLB misses is not covered  , but this is negligible. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Schema matching techniques have also been used to identify the semantic types of columns by comparing them with labeled columns 10 . Some LOs may require prerequisites. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . shows  , there is a clear positive correlation Pearson r=0.845  , p < 0.001  , suggesting that Westerners who live in Middle Eastern countries tend to tweet more with #JSA than those who live in the West. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. Indri. Safe Browsing and Search Quality each detect and flag hijacked websites . , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. , ridge regularization. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. However  , there are mixed results using ontologies such as WordNet and MeSH for the query expansion task. Search interfaces of specialized Web-Collections offer individual search options to facilitate access to their documents. They also found that information retrieval systems generally are built according to a single search paradigm  , i.e. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. Given a database of sequences S  , a query sequence q  , and a threshold   , similarity search finds the set of all sequences whose distance to q is less than . Results. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. Here  , a normalized similarity of a user i y to a user j y is computed as In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Jaccard similarity is 0. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. The effect of QR for NLP is investigated by evaluating the baseline method for query translation  , which is a typical task for CLIR. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. Second  , there is a difference in the model to be discovered. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. 3 or Eqn. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. Each grasping action corresponds to an orientation of the gripper. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. 9 shows experimentally that most of the terms words in a collection are distributed according to a low dimension n-Poisson model. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. Best retrieval performance is obtained for simple 1-concept queries. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Our models are based on probabilistic language modeling techniques which have been successfully applied in other Information Retrieval IR tasks. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. Pair Potentials. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. As such  , in an SSD-based search engine infrastructure  , the benefit of a cache hit should now attribute to both the saving of the random read and the saving of the subsequent sequential reads for data items that are larger than one block. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. , 2002 corpus and uses support vector machine classifiers. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. Discovery date. In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. , escalation or non-escalation  , and the time taken to perform the transition . Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. Any attempts to successfully characterize the intermediate structures or analyze common folding pathways  , either between multiple runs of a single protein or among the results of several proteins  , would hinge on an effective structural representation. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. For each pair of candidate answers Aqqu creates an instance  , which contains 3 groups of features: features of the first  , the second candidate in the pair and the differences between the corresponding features of the candidates. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. Function recParam in Fig. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. Intuitively  , the search performance depends on the quality of the alignment. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. However  , the techniques we use in building the trees  , in particular the choice of variables and values used to split nodes of the tree  , are fairly distinct. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. In Section 4 we introduce another method which instead uses frequency pruning. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. The salient feature in timeld-automata formalism that is clocks enable us to refine the models and hence enhance our ability to address additional issues such as optimal solutions with respect to time or steps for a coordination problem involving different robots with different dynamic behaviours. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. We propose a new  , probabilistic model for combining the ranked lists of documents obtained by any number of query retrieval systems in response to a given query. We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. For each resource  , we measure the similarity between the R missing  and the extracted tweet page. In their formulation  , they attached the weight to . Pearson correlation coefficients were interpreted according to the widely accepted rule-of-thumb. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. We discuss the latter notion a bit more formally as it returns in the specification of XML Schema in the form of the Unique Particle Attribution rule. , an implicit topic representation. This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. Similar to that of a traditional search engine  , a user submits a query consisting of keywords to the system. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. Therefore Lye have the following result. Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. For the restart probability of random walks  , it is interesting to find that a larger one is preferred and we set it as 0.9 in LINKREC. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. Probabilistic models for document corpora are a central concern for IR researchers. For these two reasons  , it was decided to explore the concept of robust control using an 'fico controller. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. For the sake of simplicity  , we do not distinguish between a transition and it's corresponding state variable. A final orientation of a part is a stable orientation where at least one edge of the part is aligned with the gripper when fully grasped with a frictionless parallel jaw gripper. An XQuery type e.g. Single query searches have a " look-up " character. Once we meet an unknown node  , we use its known neighbour nodes to compute its location area as described above and then turn it to a known node. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. By looking into these three topics  , we found that the manual queries for topics 76 and 86 do not have any expansion terms for the query terms selected by Pt | R  , while the idf selected terms do have effective expansion terms. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. Supporting to similarity queries from inside SQL in a native form is important to allow optimizing the full set of search operations involved in each query posed. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. 16 for an excellent survey of this field. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. A third approach receiving increasing attention is to automatically establish associations between queries and documents independent of language difference 6  , 10  , 211. As a result  , suggestions provided by task-based methods can be treated as complementary to results from session-based and random walk approaches. Similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation between their rating vectors. Notice the difference between the scale of the top diagram and the scales of the other two diagrams. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Twitter For example  , if we observe Figure 1  , we can see two plots  , one of them corresponds to the relative frequency of EHEC cases as reported by RKI Robert Koch Institute RKI 2011  , and the other to the relative frequency of mentions of the keyword " EHEC " in the tweets collected during the months of May and June 2011. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. , classification margin 4  , 24  , 31. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR needs to jointly optimize the tasks of translation and retrieval  , however   , it is standardly approached with a focus on one aspect. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. Due to a typically high gear ratio of finger joint actuators the dynamic joint coupling is negligible. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Table 3summarises the results of our " swap " experiments using the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese and Japanese data. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Then  , we express the transfer operation as a combination of remove and insert: Since W CC is a state function  , all paths from P to P ′ have the same differential. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. Finally  , holds due to the product rule for differentiation. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. /. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. To the best of our knowledge  , the majority of previous works aim either at building a search model per user or at building common search models for users with similar search interests. Although these extra cases are acceptable for some thesauri  , we generalize the above recommendation and search for all concept pairs with their respective skos:prefLabel  , skos:altLabel or skos:hiddenLabel property values meeting a certain similarity threshold defined by a function sim : LV × LV → 0  , 1. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? Thus  , the proximity search looks for " movie " objects that are somehow associated to " Travolta " and/or " Cage " objects. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. 8: The submitted runs to the Robust track. Extracting ranking functions has been extensively investigated in areas outside database research such as Information Retrieval. From a traditional IR perspective  , our method is a massive query expansion technique. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. In Figure 7random-surfer model  , it took less than 25 time units for the page to obtain popularity one  , but in Figure 10search-dominant model  , it took 1650 time units! The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. We observe that the various query sets exhibit different levels of difficulty; this is indeed what we would have liked to achieve by considering different types of information needs. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. The remaining data are fed to a random forest classifier 4. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. In both cases  , such features cause over-fitting in the prediction. As shown in Figure 1I  , to make sure that every participant was familiar with the experiment procedure  , an example task was used for demonstration in the Pre-experiment Training stage I.1. See 12 for further details about subjects' browsing behavior. For a survey of works on search behavior  , see 11. CH3COOH . For DE→EN  , QR achieves almost the same MAP compared to using OQ  , which demonstrates the usefulness of QR for CLIR. Our model construction approach was similar to the so-called growth modelling 6  , in which first null models without predictors are fitted and then both random and fixed factors are progressively introduced to the model. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. , 2 messages per search in practice  , for all the RF'* dgorithms. Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. If the birds occur close together and in areas with similar rainfall  , this model is a good fit to the segment. Long queries use title  , description and narrative. At last Spliced fiber is reinforced by the reinforcing membersFig.8 and it is brought out. These functions parameterize the set of different trajectories based on covariances of initial beliefs. A series of experiments on TREC collections is presented in Section 5. The parameter variation experiments were conducted on level ground and at a moderate slope of 8 degrees. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For example  , measurements made by the Polhemus sensor are transmitted as an electromagnetic signal  , and so can have errors introduced by metallic objects or stray magnetic fields existing in the vicinity of the sensor contain error. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. We refer to the ith phase of bitonic sort as the k-merge phase  , where k = 2 i and a k-sorted list is generated. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Then we can obtain W k x = λ k x  , which means W k has the same eigenvector as W and the k-th power of the same eigenvalue λ k . This can be perceived from results already. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. , they group vector states by rank  , distance to the previous click. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. Another approach to generate more training data is to automatically convert RDF triples to questions using entity and predicate names 10. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. At the same time  , alerts are also sent to anyone following Shaelyn or the topic of game theory about Shaelyn's new reading list. Grossman et al. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. In Section 5  , we detail our experiments and the results we obtained; and Section 6 concludes the paper. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Another retrieval model we explored this year is the latent concept expansion model LCE 18. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. Section 3 describes the document and query expansion model. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. CH3COOH. Therefore  , exploration and search techniques are needed that can seek quality and relevance of results beyond what keyword similarity can provide. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. Table 5shows the MAP results using translated queries for search. Table lsummerizes the results. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. Working in the concatenated feature spaces the remaining unclustered documents are then assigned to the groups using a constrained PLSA model. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. However  , once it obtains a reasonable ranking in the search result  , it garners significantly more traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so its popularity increases very quickly as long as it is of high quality. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. Our tests showed 1 that style information such as font size is suitable in many cases to extract titles from PDF files in our experiment in 77.9%. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. We expect that the model trained with all the parallel documents from the Web will perform better. Central to most item-oriented approaches is a similarity measure between items  , where s ij denotes the similarity of i and j. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Because the learning rate is smaller than unity  , without reward  , the value of a given stateaction pair decreases  , effectively causing the system to treat absence of reward as punishment. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Please note that the execution cost could include the cost of transfering parameter data between an execution site and a " local " service. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. One aspect of sample-based methods that has not been studied so far is the effect of the particular random sample in the CSI on the search effectiveness. Teleporting is a search strategy where the user tries to jump directly to the information target  , e. g.  , the query 'phone number of the DFKI KM-Group secretary' delivers the document which contains the wanted phone number 23. In contrast ~o the BIT model  , the RPI model is able to distinguish between different requests using the same query formulation. PROCLUS 2 seeks to find axis-aligned subspaces by partitioning the set of points and then uses a hill-climbing technique to refine the partitions. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. NetPLSA regularizes PLSA with a harmonic regularizer based on a graph structure in the data. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. Following the concept of interesting orders 16 introduced in system R  , the optimizer may already have plans that access relations A and B ordered on A.1 and B.2  , respectively . From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. Using the above evaluations we found that our generic heuristic dominates random ordering  , although the latter sometimes has increasingly competitive accuracy as more time passes before interruption  , particularly for 'Forest Cover Type' and 'Pen Digits' datasets. In 5  , as an alternative to ARMA models  , a frequency domain technique has been used to parameterize the transfer function of flexible link manipulators . Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. We chose the TRECvid search task partly because it provides an interesting complex search task involving several modalities text  , image  , and concept similarity and partly to leverage existing experience e.g. First of all  , it should be mentioned that the values of similarity coefficients between search request formulations determined by means of the measures based on the responses to queries depend on document indexing parameters such as exhaustivity and specificity. Later  , Pota and Vidyasagar 7 used an assumed modes approach to show that such an output would result in a passive  , and hence  , a minimum phase transfer function provided that the hub inertia is very large or very small in the special case of a uniform beam compared to the beam inertia. In the rest of the paper Σ is a finite alphabet of symbols also called element names. and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other. In this way  , the work space increases gradually  , one buffer at a time. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. Instead  , we find that a double Pareto distribution can be fit to each user with a significant increase in overall likelihood. Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. This probability is embedded in the complete data likelihood and since all distributions are normal  , P Un ,u|rest is also normal. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. We experimented with query expansion for first stage retrieval but experienced a slight drop in the results. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. As we discuss in Section 2  , though there have been some works in the past that can be adopted for query suggestion without using query logs  , but strictly speaking  , to the best of our knowledge  , this paper is the first to study the problem of query suggestions in the absence of query logs. Most of the previous research on predicting ad clickthrough focuses on learning from the content of displayed ads e.g. Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Definition 18. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. 111 that sense  , it has a similar philosophy as a Prolog interpreter. The first is through the G-Portal Viewer in which a user can select from a list of previously registered contexts to visit. Statistically significant differences of prediction quality are determined using the two-tailed paired t-test computed over the folds using a 95% confidence level. One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. A substring of the elementtext of an HTML tree is denoted as string source. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. A leaf node l stores a distribution P l c over class labels c. This distribution is modeled by a histogram computed over the class labels of the training data that ended up at this leaf node. Similarly  , during the output phase queries requesting similar sort operations can share the sort's output values  , once they become available. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. But the use of random reflections has been limited to bouncing. Finally  , performance of heuristic search based semantic query optimization needs to be evaluated in a real database environ- ment. People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. That is  , instead of using the appraisal words  , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set  , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Returning to the scenario described in Section 5  , the designer of the railroad system identified the stack and the queue models as potentially reusable and stored them in the repository as described in the Section 5.1. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. 0 E-Mail when detecting abnormal power consumption of an appliance  , the Watchdog component may need to send the person in charge an e-mail that contains messages about the appliance information  , power-consumption status  , working current  , occurrence time  , etc. A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? And 200 times reproduction is carried out. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. , to edit them. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. Our solution incorporates such constraints  , and provides a practical scheme to predict instantaneous motions. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. This gives us the opportunity to compare what yields better learning to rank performance: training on the 2011 relevance assessments  , or training on automatically generated ground truth ? , the implicit semantic relatedness between sentences is modeled through semi-supervised PLSA1. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. Mathematically   , given a sequence of training words w1  , w2  , ..  , wT   , the goal of Skip-gram model is to maximize the log probability An additional paper layer was inserted between the PSPS and PCB to act as a lever arm and increase the folding torque. The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . This is a problem when the new data have to be added quickly. Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. Knowing the long-standing and firm relationship between vector space models  , semantics modeling and IR 37  , 16  , one goal of this paper is to establish a new link between the recent text representation learning methodology based on word embeddings and modeling in information retrieval  , with the focus on the fundamental ad-hoc retrieval task. Soft time windows are used  , and K late = 50  , meaning every minute a delivery is late adds 50 units to the cost function. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . People search is one of the most popular types of online search.  Define within the functional specification determined areas for change and evolution  , and agree with marketing and sales. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. The second issue is the problem of cross-language information retrieval. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. We now argue that an exhaustive search is necessary anyway for a driving application. The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. ,Dm ORB JNB  ,om I ANB SWB  , I I ORB First  , the one-bit search result can be pushed PUB onto the stack and optionally duplicated DUB so that the top two bits represent two copies of the search result.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. By taking average of all Errk t   , we can define error T opicErr in learning topics for each model as performs the same when Q = 100. In general  , it is harder to locate a single web article that describes an event or a general object. In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. This scheme led to a practical implementation and we demonstrated that it solves complex and realistic manipulation tasks involving objects and fingertips of various shapes. Now that we have calculated SAD values over the image  , we select the upper ten nonoverlapping unique regions based on the SAD metric and perform a second series of SAD calculations within a 2i by 2i search window centered on the regions identified by the first pass. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. Further   , the search strategy should be independent from the search space 17. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . The optimal weight for the expansion queries α was 0.2. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. When joint motions generated by a resolution strategy on closed end-effector paths are cyclic  , this strab egy defines an inverse kznematic function 7. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. The two curves on the right show two stock market charts and their corresponding time wrapping function 21. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. Keywords are not considered to be aliases  , but aliases are considered to be keywords  , and thus the union of the set of alias names and the set of keywords constitutes the keywords for the ADT. The paper considers a star schema with UB-Tree organized fact tables and dimension tables stored sorted on a composite surrogate key. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. To our knowledge  , the issue of finding an optimal plan taking into account sort orders for parameters of subqueries or procedures has not been addressed in the past. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. Although a few database visualization tools can support certain data exploration  , they are tailored to particular domains e.g. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. , the second word of a double length instruction or other sources including words popped from a word stack  , located within the segment memories  , as we now show. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . Here q is the charge on the electron and IABc is the control current. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. Assess models and reliability: After fitting our defect models   , we measure how well a model can discriminate between the potential response using the Area Under the receiver operating characteristic Curve AUC 17. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. Work at ETH has focused SB96  on using , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. For example  , the query query number 85 in the 10 ,000 query set: The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. We scrutinized the cases when external knowledge did not improve query classification  , and identified three main causes for such lack of improvement. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. The goal of aggregated search is to combine results from multiple search engines in a single presentation. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. 8  presented a probabilistic model for generating rewrites based on an arbitrarily long user search history . For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. The time-aligned transcript makes the video more accessible 2 and offers potential to keep users on-site longer in support of exploratory search 1. To identify friends with similar tastes  , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. 11  , its updating can be got as Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. Note that this results in a different transfer function for Mx from that used in the previous works 2 ,9 where Mx was set to unity  , i.e. These languages can be classified into two categories: path pattern matching queries 22  , 23  , 20  , 10  , 17 that find node pairs connected by paths matching a path pattern; and path " extraction " queries 21  , 13  , 4  , 18  , 12 that return paths. We looked at the activity signatures of 321 workers who had at least one complete signature and had completed the NER task. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. In this work  , we make use of both embedding types in form of entity embeddings Word2Vec and entity-context embeddings Doc2Vec to improve entity disambiguation . Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. Each event expression consists of two clauses. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. The models can help IE systems overcome difficulties caused by language variations in pattern matching. We evaluated the three commercial location search engines  , and here we are presenting as the baseline  , the performance of the best of the three commercial services  , when supplied with the four highest ranked transliterations from our transliteration system. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. The third alternative is to first swap SWB the top two bits on the stack before ANDing or ORing the new search result with the top bit. In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. State-of-the-art TempEx taggers such as HeidelTime 36 and SUTime 9  are based on regular expression matching   , handcrafted rules  , and background dictionaries. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Particularly useful for SozioNet  , eXist also offers query language extensions for index-based keyword searches  , queries on the proximity of terms  , or regular expression based search patterns. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. These approaches use an imputation model to fill in missing data with plausible values  , which are then used as inputs for the inference model. We formulate the search for a grasp as a sensor-space search over the object surface  , rather than a search through the robot configuration space or its coordinate system. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " The results show the approach works well. Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. the minimum the corresponding points contribution to the overall DTW distance  , and thus can be returned as the lower bounding measure In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: Figure Sillustratcs the Bode diagrams related to the identifi ed systems for the cases of idling condition and when the three different skin samples are grasped. Since the resulting impedance of such a system is lower than the minimal constituent impedance  , the role of the control block G  , becomes clear  , and it is the reduction of the high contact impedance of a position controlled robotic system. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. it contains only diagonal elements. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. Due to high TV raster stability and precision of manipulators that are used for the next LCD positioning the task was reduced to binary pattern matching. We constructed a set of rules for extracting a causality pair. Another area we concentrated on was query expansion . , the descriptors  , the basic building blocks of the regular expression  , are person   , employee  , and name. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. In the case where there were many profiles of the same size  , we used the mean time of profiles of that size. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. It is therefore necessary to annotate all patterns before sending the page to the client. There is a large body of work studying in-search context. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Fitting the proposed model to POS data  , interesting and practically important results are obtained. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Our experiments of CLIR on TREC Chinese collections show that models using larger and more specific unit of translation are always better  , if the models can be well trained  , because more specific models could model more information. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. The proportion of search types are presented in Table 5. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. The best score is shown in bold face. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. and Next to the folding we introduce operations that re­ move from the systerl1 the vehicles that can visit all the vertices of their mission vectors. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. Many different indicators can be used to evaluate the accuracy of the estimates see Section 2. Add items to the search engine indices. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. As part of the Accelerate and Create task  , we also describe an exploratory tool for efficient and intuitive visualization of large streams. , q = 2t 2 + cos4tπ − 1 is generated. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. Then  , a support vector machine 32 is used to compute the relevance score of these sections 2 Note  , this is different from HTML frames. Participants could identify interesting pages in one of two ways. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. We extend this approach by an additional step; we refer to the learning-to-rank model which is trained across all queries Q1  , ..  , Q k  as the initial retrieval model M0 and the induced ranking for the test query as initial ranking. Furthermore  , in contrast to reported analytic techniques based on differential geometry 3 ,4  , 10 ,121  , our method does not require an edge correspondence problem to be solved or a smoothness assumption to be made about the object's surface  , and it produces an integrated  , consistent model from the data. Half of the topics shows an increase in average precision  , the other half a decrease. We found that electrons are transferred from outer tube to the inner tube with charge transfer density of 0.002 e/Å. To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. The cost of the output graph after combination is equal to the sum of the remaining edges i.e. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. This situation is described by DeWi%S  , Naka881 as Harh Loop Join. To overcome this we propose a new classifier: the Random Interval Feature RIF Ensemble. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. which can be modified to account for major temperature variations by changing the numerator by plus and minus 20%. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. Since this is a prediction task  , one may drop optimality for the sake of prediction performance   , adopting AICC instead. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. This led us to a pattern language that consists of fragments of Java source code  , augmented with wildcards  , pattern variables  , and semantic matching constraints such as " static type of this expression must be a subtype of java.lang. Serializeable " . The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. We searched for English labels and synonyms of the FMA in Wikipedia. All signals within that range are amplified to near the high-end attenuation point. It may be the case that an attacker wants to slow down transfer of a given piece of information; but the transfer speed itself is a function of the aggregate effort of the machines participating in the transfer. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. Interestingly  , for short queries we find that relation matching without query expansion RBS performs worse than a density based passage ranking with dependency based query expansion DBS+DRQET. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. In contrast  , implementations on PLSA discuss 50 ,000 by 8 ,000 term-doc matrices  , and execute in about half an hour1. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. We can group the possible CLIR scenarios into the following three main settings: 1. the document collection is monolingual  , but users can formulate queries in more than one language. The first is a distance transform  , where the likelihood  , p d   , of a registered pixel  , v  , depends on its 3D distance to the closest edge  , edgev. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. 101have been applied to test the contribution of the new optimal search directions. To be able to search for long  , meaningful paths  , we have replaced the current few citations with a list of randomly created citations 1 to 10 random citations to papers selected from all of the previous years in the knowledge base  , using a normal distribution. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. Iterative depth first search was used. The required joint trajectory cannot be generated by the given trajectory in inertia space due t o the dynamic parametel. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. For either representation  , we first drop unnecessary punctuation marks and phrases such as " socalled " or " approximately " . Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. In particular  , if there are many non-informative attributes or if complex models are used  , the problem of over-fitting will be alleviated by reducing dimensions. With the vector space engine they employ  , their overall 11pt performance 0.24 is slightly above the one for the search engine we use 0.20. Internet advertising is a complex problem. In the previous section  , we explained the main hypothesis of the search-dominant model  , Proposition 3  , that shows how visit popularity is related to the simple popularity. Then  , we compare R missing  with each of the elements in R search  and R co−occurring  to demonstrate the best possible similarity. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. Another obvious way to deal with memory Iluctuations during the merge phase is to resort to MRU paging whencvcr the memory available to an external sort is insufficient to hold all the input buffers for its current merge step. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. , 4  , 10  , thus needing more computational effort and possibly being inaccurate. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. As mentioned earlier  , the most successful technique has been to apply Viterbi-type search procedure  , and this is the strategy that OCELOT adopts. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. In addition  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q performs as good as NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity at all ranks. The final model is believed to be a plausible representation that will aid in further experimental studies  , physical modeling  , and numerical simulation to ultimately result in an improved model with a high degree of confidence for magnetic-screw path planning in soft tissue. Interest Modelling. This hierarchical search strategy is enhanced by using a boolean query combination of a query from the hierarchy  , a keyword search  , a title search and a search with a term based on the case topic type. For paired users giving responses to a few items in common  , the number of non zero elements of vectors becomes small  , and hence  , the resulting Pearson correlation becomes less trustworthy. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. reduction of error  , e.g. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. Connec- tions3  is a local file search tool that departs from the traditional desktop search paradigm to incorporate these contextual relationships in search results. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Note how intricately and compactly the SSEs are interwoven. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. In the experiments  , all the precision of the results except for positive and candidate images are evaluated at 15% recall. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . Although gathered at an early stage in the evolution of aspect-oriented programming  , these empirical results can help evolve the approach in several ways. Using user-driven query expansion  , we help users search images in a focused and efficient manner. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Therefore  , concolic testing is unlikely to reveal the ERROR in testme in a reasonable amount of time. Further  , the constraint is semantical in nature  , and therefore it is difficult for the average user to assess whether a given regular expression is deterministic or not. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. 1.0. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. Search Pad is a feature of Yahoo! It is evident from this table that  , both DO and HSA  , are the most efficient metrics to compute compared to MAP and perplexity. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. And the reflective path shapes the local appearances   , whether inertial or spring like. 2 builds and outputs a self-folding crease pattern V   , E   , F   , T  in On 2  time and space. Items that warrant camera-imaging often introduce more complex distortions that cannot be corrected by these techniques. A number of studies 11  , 12  , 15 address the issue of search intent. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. This optimal change forms the new state of the system and the search procedure repeats until convergence. We followed Chapelle et al. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. To this end  , we matricize X in Mode 1 to generate matrix X 1 ∈ R u×lat . The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. where we assume that a the preference is independent of the next card given the context and b the item action model is independent of the context given the item of interest to the user  , both of which are very reasonable in general. Predictions for Eachmovie took 7 milliseconds to generate approximately 1600 ratings for one user. Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. Recall that the mean of a set of points in R n is the point that minimizes the sum of squared residuals . Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. For example  , given the aligned outputs: a λασεν  , b λαστν and c λασ ν  , the regular expression generated is /λασετ ?ν/. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. In the data set  , we are given 4 months of data October 2011 -February 2012 as training data. 5.2 Structured search using search engines. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. 19  , 22  , 14. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. It was found that the undamped transfer function from A71 to A41 -2Aqh4 is passive. 6 below is the transfer function of a velocity response model. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Overall the improvement respect to xQuAD is clear. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. Otherwise  , the transfer function 28 should be realized by means of switching circuits or by software. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. The top part shows the selected book's meta-data: its author  , title  , year of publication  , domain  , where it was obtained  , etc. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. Essentially  , the cosine is a weighted function of the features the vectors have in common. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set  , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection   , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. work on search intent prediction – predicting what a user is going to search even before the search task starts. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. As explained in Section 4.1  , the domainspecific query expansion will add  , in mean  , 10 new terms to each query. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. Thus  , while batch-mode experiments evaluating the effectiveness of automatic query expansion have been favorable  , experiments involving users have had mixed results. Given that model  , the likelihood function for the training dataset with respect to one query is as follows. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. Admissible functions are optimistic. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. , president will be an answer. These joints fold only downward  , and have a physical stop to prevent them from folding upwards. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. But  , there were significant differences in the total usage of search interface features for each search task total: F 3 ,23 = 4.334  , p = .049. Recall that some of the baselines e.g. Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . We now define its semantics. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. One of the contributions of this paper is to provide a public dataset in order to better move the field forward. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. , with the ranks used in place of scores. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. Indeed the choice primarily depends  , in some complicated fashion  , on the level of confidence the robot has in its estimate of the world. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Document vectors of the foreign language i.e. Since the fp-8192 descriptors were also generated by enumerating paths of length up to seven and also cycles  , the performance difference suggests that the folding that takes place due to the fingerprint's hashing approach negatively impacts the classification performance. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. Running a random walk on this graph is simple: we start from an arbitrary document  , at each step choose a random term/phrase from the current document  , submit a corresponding query to the search engine  , and move to a randomly chosen document from the query's result set. The same query-likelihood relevance value function is also used to produce a ranking of all the relevant documents  , which we use as our baseline. In this paper  , we propose to exploit ray tracing techniques to guide our search for connections between CCs. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. Hence  , the expanded query might exhibit query drift 9  , that is  , represent an information need different than that underlying the original query. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. Hereto  , we apply Laplacian pLSA 6 also referred to as regularized topic models 24   , using the document similarities given by Eq. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Herein  , we measure retrieval performance using average precision AP@k; i.e. , it is a locking concern container . Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Usually  , the overall popularity of a resource is used for ranking search results. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. Mezaris et al. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. To estimate the desired distributions   , we assume that the correct distribution is one member of some specific family of distributions and  , based on the query-related information provided  , we attempt to choose a plausible distribution from that family. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. Telang et al. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. In our method k is a parameter of the MDS-projection and results were computed by placing all test documents into the English maps. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. We decided not to keep such documents as they could potentially consist of lists of city names  , which we believe would provide zero interest to any user. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. For K = 0.5  , the transfer function reduces to Jing et al. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . A* is another common search technique lo. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . The candidate of route is generated randomly. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. The definition of EMI will help identify the case that resellers change the content of listings as well as the resale activities coming through account transfer. To remove bias  , for each test we first warm-up the indices with 100 random searches. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Every record included a search trail  , and a success label. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. We develop a new query expansion mechanism based on fields. There are two principles in the choice of join approach between hypergraph traversal and triple indices: 1 If the predicate of a triple pattern has a owl:cardinality property valued 1  , priority should be given to hypergraph traversal. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. As for sponsored search  , an overview is given in 15. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. So we adopt a weighting method: One focus group participant described the ability to browse as a facility supported in shops  , but not in the music resources that he consults on the WWW: " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random. " Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. 11. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. Successors of a node are generated in a random manner until a successor is found that has a better heuristic value than the current configuration. For our following considerations  , we restrict the projections to the class of axes-parallel projections   , which means that we are searching for meaningful combinations of dimensions attributes. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. Z is the regulated outputs which are controlled or regulated. When using quicksort  , adjustments can only be done when a run has been finished and output. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. We assume that the number of items to be sorted  , m  , is an exact power of 2. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. First  , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics  , and get the probability of each topic over each image  , P z|I. To compare two HPCP features  , we use the Optimal Transposition Index method OTI 15  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations  , such as tuning or timbre changing issues 15. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. , when an individual's behavior is more random higher shannon entropy or LZ compared to other people  , her NST@Self will be ranked higher in the crowd. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. , after firing the mapping transitions  , the color of the tokens that enable this type of transition is transferred to the predefined color of other kind. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. This property  , if confirmed through further experiments  , would obviate the need to choose from two alternative retrieval methods based on the nature of the search task. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. This is not surprising  , as a high second-order proximity implies that two words can be replaced in the same context  , which is a stronger indicator of similar semantics than first-order co-occurrences. When using enhancements  , the interfaces of components should provide only a minimal set of operations  , because it is easy to add additional operations. Two different approaches are compared. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. Matrices P and Q will be updated with equations given in Section 3.1.3 until convergence. Definition: A search trail is an ordered sequence of actions performed by the user during a search goal. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. When a radius is defined  , as in DBSCAN  , or some related parameter   , a particular view is being set that has an equivalence to viewing a density plot with a microscope or telescope at a certain magnification. Among the popular commercial search engines  , only a few offer the search option to limit a search session to a specified website. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. z examine the area around it within distance d to see if the density is greater than c. This is equivalent to check if the number of points including itself within this area is greater than c x nd2 = k + 1. Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. For each query q  , we set the similarity score with respect to general domain class as 1  , and after normalizing similarity scores with respect to all five classes  , we can obtain a soft query classification. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. Here  , we approach these questions from a practical standpoint. We chose 10 as the distance threshold  , however  , this parameter is not too critical; it should be large enough to allow for some variability for the alignment of blocks inside a column  , but small enough not to merge blocks across columns or very short blocks. It is difficult to accurately determine the center of gravity and the moment of inertia of each leg in the tumbler system. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. Request permissions from Permissions@acm.org. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. This likelihood function assures a combined matching of model's structure and visual appearance. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that  , Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. This can be achieved by a classical PID-controller. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. On the other hand  , a few topics especially topics 209 and 229 benefit strongly from the CLIR approach. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. This serves as a measure of closeness between the retrieved images and the training examples for the given query. The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. The alignments are then used for building a cross-language information retrieval system  , and the results of this system using the TREC-6 CLIR data are given. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. We use Bo1 model 11 to get query expansion words. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. Further  , fitting w using a power law with exponential cutoff as described above results in a model requiring only three parameters that provides explanations nearly identical in quality to the model produced by pointwise inference of w at all possible lo- cations. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. NeumesXML is defined by an XML Schema  , which has powerful capabilities for data constraints that XML DTD lacks. A query usually involve both meta-data search and image content search. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. , in the case of reconnaissance . However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. stemming and capitalization and then converted into a list of 110 regular expressions  , such as: In this example  , a word with the normalized form place  , view  , or use must occur in the same sentence as tool to collect  , and a word with normalized form inform e.g. Real-Time Query Expansion RTQE describes an interface mechanism whereby candidate expansion terms are presented to the searcher as they enter their search query. where K y = KX  , X + σ 2 I is the covariance matrix for the observations y made at locations X and where θ= θ represents a set of hyper-parameters specified according to a given covariance function. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. We selected a 3rd- order Go so that the output of the controller is continuous. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. A more sophisticated evaluation of Equation 1 which accounts for this dependence will almost certainly yield improvements in our strategy  , and we are currently pursuing just such an improvement. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. The difference was particularly clear when the number of dimensions K was small. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. This basic paradigm makes many simplifying assumptions  , and in particular one might object that it is impossible for a user to choose a page uniformly at random or even to know what URLs there are to choose from. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. The vertices depicted with circles are nodes  , and the numbers in the nodes give their capacity. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . Billerbeck and Zobel explored a range of query metrics to predict the QE success  , but  , as they report  , without clear success. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. For simplicity  , we assume that the accessible test cases do not vary significantly between the testing strategies based on the all-DUs and all-edges criteria. Access. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. In the future  , we will build CLQS system between languages which may be more loosely correlated  , e.g. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer. , 7  , 8  , 4 . To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. The above updates in QA-learning cannot be made as long as future rewards are not known. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. This can be due to the fact that 20Newsgroups categories seem to be closer to each other  , and as a result  , the classifiers are not affected so much. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic PWs presented in this paper is the 3×3 identity matrix throughout the entire workspace. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. , this is an exhaustive search not random testing. because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. Obviously  , this type of distortion can also be applied to the ellipsoidal model of Chavarria Garza. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. This tag will be used when building index. This experiment compares the Pearson Correlation Coefficient approach using our weighting scheme to the other three methods: the Vector Similarity VS method  , the Aspect Model AM approach  , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Once we have py|x  , λ  , the log-likelihood for the whole train set S is given by counting support for possible valid patterns. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. Search procedure: To find an orienting plan  , we perform a breadth-first search of an AND/OR tree lS . In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. Had the transformation to be carried out on the XML transfer syntax  , many of those component properties would need to be collected cumbersomely. A graph's assortativity coefficient AS is a value in -1 ,1 calculated as the Pearson correlation coefficient of the degrees of all connected node pairs in the graph. Guyon et at 10 used Support Vector Machine methods with Recursive Fea­ ture Elimination RFE for gene selection to achieve better classification performance. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. Due to the characteristics of the organization  , in the case of NP  , the application of the humanistic change strategy seemed most adequate. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. 7 We use rankings of sc and topic-unity values as they are not homogeneously distributed on 0; 1. In our primary results  , 65 42% of the rules matched at least one URL some URLs were matched more than once for a total of 6933 rule matches. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. In all conditions  , the search system displayed a spinning wheel when it was busy. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. However  , it has been shown by Spector and Flashner 9 that with noncollocated measurements such as tip position  , the resulting transfer function is non-minimum phase in character. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. 2. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. , roads  , parks  , schools to permit locating them by alphabetic search rather than scanning the entire map; they are creased to permit folding to fit in a small space  , while at the same time allowing two far-away locations to be placed next to each other; they can be marked  , annotated  , and stuck with pins to record long  , complex routes and mark one's current location on that route; and the color scheme can be " dimmed " on parts of the map to indicate they imated maps allow the map user to dynamically choose what is zoomed and how much  , what is dimmed  , and what features are displayed on the map  , permitting a higher level of customization than informal actions like folding and marking. Recent works alleviate this problem by introducing pseudo users that rate items 21  and imputing estimated rating data using some imputation tech- nique 39. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. A simulator was applicable for it provides an ideal environment  , without noise and where the interactions among the robots can be carehlly specified. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . is non-proper. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". Imagine that we might have chosen W with size of K = 1  , and the query Q is within r of all k candidates. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. Thus we test one retrieval model belonging to this category. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. When the user presses the search button in the side toolbar  , or presses " Control-S " on a keyboard  , the document goes into search mode. Their industrial applications were rarely observed in the literature. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. The students who only used the digital libraries were more involved in activities such as conducting information searches  , skimming a website to locate a piece of specific information  , and copying information from the websites—activities that provide less opportunities for deep learning to occur than the high-level cognitive activities performed by the IdeaKeeper students 5. Exploratory search is defined as a class of search activities performed to learn or discover new information 16. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. , on average 9.9 cm/sec and 13.3 cm/sec respectively for the millipede-3 robot. A similar solution is used for single source path patterns. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! The Fibonacci search technique is the most efficient of any restricted search 6. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. That is  , similar prototypes are near each other on the map. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. We obtained these structures from the past TREC list questions  , and built a knowledge base for them. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. The cost of adding another query predicate to the MISSk plan is the sum of the time to scan the segment index for the k+1 th predicate  , the time to sort the results by protein id and start position  , and the time to add these results to the segment merge join. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. We apply the Lucene 3 search engine  , under its default settings  , for searching over this collection. In the 3D graphics system  , a layered oriented tight-fitting bounding box tree has been established to approximate to each geometrical model of fingers and objects for grasping. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. The choice of which weight to update is made at random  , in an effort to avoid local minima in the search space  , but  The configurations usually converge well within 100 iterations . Thus  , a framework for achieving the twofold objectives of uniform deposition and good transfer efficiency is provided. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. , distance. We can map the tuples of a data set to lines in the dual plane and then store and query the induced arrangement. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. That will establish a lower bound on the performance of our system if it had direct access to the linguistic knowledge in the MT system. Furthermore  , it creates and initializes the pools. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. This uses a random search to cope with the high dimensionality of the control space. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. BASELINE is significantly more sensitive to the number of levels: increasing the number of levels could increase the search space for the expansion exponentially in the number of rules. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. How to publish geo‐data using Triplify ? Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. For example  , the useful inverse document frequency  idf term weighting system. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. Under the time delay of T   , moreover  , this system promises to produce the goal response of the system z ,t -T without affecting system stability in a delay-free environment. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. or at least make explicit  , these heuristic judgments by developing models of queries and documents that could be used to deduce appropriate retrieval strategies. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. In one line of work  , the concentration of social online activity is used to determine interesting geographic regions of cities. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. Our work is basically the other way around. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. P ,. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. In 1  , the authors recommend citations to users based on the similarity between a candidate publication's in-link citation contexts and a user's input texts. These translations can be used in normal search engines  , reducing the development costs. Map-Reduce is essentially a distributed grep-sort-aggregate or  , in database terminology   , a distributed execution engine for select-project via sequential scan  , followed by hash partitioning and sort-merge group-by. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. For this reason we used the semantic classifications generated by our named entity recognizer to discover such relations when looking for relevant passages. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. The structure of the paper is a as follows. Summarizing what we observed in our experiments  , we may state that the use of domain-specific multilingual resources for enriching basic CLIR systems leads to effective results. To keep the merges as fast as those of the baseline fullmerge   , we also do not maintain the set of top-k items as we merge  , and not even the min-k score. sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. Such a word w is called a witness for s  , t. If a token is found in a database  , this information is added to token feature. In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. Worse  , some JS variables might not have declared types O5. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . An example of a query group is inurl:/includes/joomla.php a-z{3 ,7} Here  , the attacker is searching for sites where the URL contains a particular string. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . Even though the folding pathways pro­ vided by PRMs cannot be explicitly associated with actual timesteps  , they do provide us with a temporal ordering. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. To illustrate the re-ranking performance graphically  , we plot the data in Figuresels are not necessarily the same as the aspects of Genomics Track. -As we will see below  , it is relatively easy to obtain a suitable degree of query expansion based on translational ambiguity. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. Generally  , it is useful to deal mechanically with a misspelling  , an inflection and the different representation such as 'three body' and 'three-body'. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. Now that a nondimensional controller has been designed   , it remains to be seen how this controller will perform in the dimensional domain on actual SFL manipulators . MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. We consider these cost values as edge weights  , and therefore the Dijkstra's search can be applied to find a trajectory with the smallest cost-to-go. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. the catalog group taxonomy. In Figure 2  , we show two examples of ranking modules both by estimated and actual number of post-release defects. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. Search trails  , i.e. Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees. A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. Our ideas  , insights  , and experiences are useful for other complex operators and queries  , both XML and relational. The WebDAV Search protocol introduces the SEARCH request enabling server-side searching. The retrieval status value RSV of an image ωi is defined as: Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. By extracting the switching points from the model  , we are able to compute the stress vectors that yield a bottleneck change. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. 22 define a more sophisticated similarity measure  , and design a fragment i.e. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. Ambitious optimizers for sequential machines perform numerous transformations that involve deletion  , simplification  , and reordering of the generated code in an attempt to decrease the program's running time and space requirements. Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . A vision servo control for a robotic sewing system has been described. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. Other search modes such as > or = can be supported via straightforward extensions. Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . Quicksort produces runs that ;Irc as large as the memory that is allocated for the split phase. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In this context  , our contributions are the following. Although we pointed out the scalability bottleneck associated with sorting the postings in the reducer  , in actuality  , there is no principled reason why this needs to be an in-memory sort. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. Some of the search engines such as AltaVista 12  allow limiting the search to a specific category. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. Maintenance and evolution are important parts of the development of any software system. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. 1 is to maximize the log-likelihood of the training data. , UDInfoMINT. It can be shown that the transfer function does not remain passive if damping is returned to the system. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. The corresponding z-domain transfer function is is the integrator output. 4.2.2 Proposed Method: "Switching-Q": For cases in­ volving complex problems  , such as a robot's navigati on learning  , some hierarchical learning methods have bee n proposed 9  , 10  , 11  , etc. This method is a kind of feed-forward control. In this paper  , presently known techniques for query-time replacement are reviewed  , new techniques that leverage estimates of replacement probabilities are introduced  , and experiment results that demonstrate improved retrieval effectiveness in two applications Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and retrieval of scanned documents based on Optical Character Recognition OCR are presented. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. MPA can be therefore seen as a best-first search that reduces the number of paths to be pursued to the best ones by applying a particular evaluation function. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Each user presumably has an intrinsic search intent before submitting a query. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . The experiences from WES- PL confirmed that the technical choice of whether adopting a proactive approach or a reactive approach largely depends on the market position of the SPL organization. This slight performance improvement of the log-merged results over the sort-merged results on a web-domain partitioned collection is consistent with the results observed in the TREC 2005 when the collection was divided arbitrarily into a small number of subcollections with uniform size. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. 7  , to the query aspects. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. The search results are displayed in the standard output window in Visual Studio sorted in decreasing order based on similarity values between the query keywords and the respective methods.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: All terms ranked at or above a given cut-off were used for query expansion and another 20 documents were retrieved. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. One method of removing robots is to identify them with outliers and remove outliers. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. , when N is large. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to propose such a solution. Pointing to any line in the table of contents window with the mouse causes the text window to jump to the corresponding part of the document. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Search VS. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. Heuristic function h 0 evaluates all nodes equally so it has no heuristic power and does not provide any guidance. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. P Shot i  = constant. We propose to integrate the above three innovative points in a two-stage language model for more effective expert search than using document content alone. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. In this section we will shortly describe the fingerprints and similarity measures widely used in the chemical domain. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. Depending on the language  , it may be possible to deduce appropriate transliterated translations automatically. Each point in our sample space is a language model  , which typically has several thousand dimensions. As expected  , query expansion improved short queries more than long queries. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. , do not allow online update of parameters. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. The goal of results merging  , which is the second task of federated search  , is to combine results selected from the given search engines into a single ranked list. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. Approaches derived from the probabilistic retrieval model are implemented as a summation of " weights " of the query terms that appear in the document  , where the weight is essentially a normalized version of term frequency. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. The deviance is a comparative statistic. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. We have found that the context-based search effectively ranks query outputs  , controls topic diffusion  , and reduces output sizes 1  , 2. A few investigations have examined the effect of resource size on CLIR performance. Additionally  , the results of the federated search are very similar to those of the distributed search  , which is equivalent to single-index search  , thus exhibiting that prediction-based federation can be used as a viable alternative to single-index search. , by translating the full text. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. They use queries with location obtained by IP addresses  , and develop a probabilistic framework for quantifying spatial variation. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. A class of outputs which lead to a minimum phase transfer function for single-link flexible robots have been presented in 8. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. We have used two datasets in our evaluation. The larger σ k means the model has more tively. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. Two join methods are considered: nested loop NL and ordered merge OM such as sort merge or hash merge. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that studies academic query classification. Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. Then  , we can expressed Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. To motivate and ground general discussion of crowdsourcing  , we will focus primarily upon applications to evaluating search accuracy with other examples like blending automation with human computation for hybrid search. Vector representation via query expansion. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. This experiment used three kinds of index  , 1 Dissimilarity: the cost of search using index structures chosen by the dissimilarity function. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. From left to right  , the participants are shown with respect to decreasing mean number of comments over all 15 weeks. Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. Previously examined by Cui et al. , MMRE  , MEMRE often affect negatively the overall model accuracy  , while absolute measures e.g. , 18  , 21. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. If Go is a transfer function mapping the open-loop robotic arm endpoint velocity v to an input  , K  , is the velocity compensator around each joint  , and so is a transfer function mapping the robotic arm endpoint velocity v to the forces f when the velocity loop is not closed  , then the closed-loop velocity control system is as shown in Figure 5. operator fh   , and the forces applied to the machine by the environment  , f  , . There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. In 3  random walks are described on click graphs  , containing information about clicked URLs but not about user sessions. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. With active control  , the actuator is backdrivable. In Section 2  , we present our transliteration techniques. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. When a desired trajectory is given  , the transfer function between the trajectory input and the actual plant output should be unity for perfect tracking. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. Section 3 describes our keyphrase-based query expansion methods. Since the posting lists are stored on secondary storage  , each next or jump operation may result to one or more disk accesses. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. Tabuchi et al. The second application is in content-based image search  , where it may suffice to show a cached image that is similar to a query image; independent of our work  , Falchi et al. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. To browse a collection of documents by similarity  , a user can use find-similar to jump from list to list of similar documents. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. For each search task  , participants were shown the topic  , completed a pre-search questionnaire  , conducted their search and then completed a post-search questionnaire. To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. Hashtag-based query expansion HFB1 and HFB2 4. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. If missing values are missing at random and data set size allows  , missing values rows can be discarded. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. Damljanovic et al. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. It has been implemented in different retrieval models: vector space model 15  , probabilistic model 13  , and so on. The reason could be that we didn't find appropriate combination distinctive terms for query expansion. Although the exact implementation of their methods differed  , all of the top 5 finishing runs included some form of query expansion 8  , 1  , 6  , 9  , 4. The test on the pile of 5 towels was also completely successful. In a poker game  , bluff strategy is usually dependent on the card hand strength. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. Furthermore  , accuracy can usually be varied at the cost of recall. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. First  , the computational cost of learning the optimal Q values is expensive in the first stage. However  , what we have is a stack associated with the delimiter of each record and only the top bit is accessible. The shared S-only component can now be applied exactly once. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. The Non-relevant model P d l |θN  is defined in the same way. In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. Now let where 8 is a small positive number. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. For the official CLIR runs we tried these following configurations: For the post-hoc experiments  , we used PSE  , pre-translation query expansion  , one of four methods Pirkola's method  , Weighted TF  , Weighted DF  , or Weighted TF/DF  , and a probability threshold that was varied between 0.1 and 0.7 in increments of 0.1. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. First  , there is an exponential number of subgraphs to examine in the model graph database  , most of which are not contrastive at all. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. Feasible ? Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. Note that RT  gives us an effective procedure for constructing the transaction automaton. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. At that point  , a search interface as in Figure 2appeared  , which was to be used for submitting all search queries. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. Previous methods summarized above can only be used to select one element in the sequence which can not be labeled without context information. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. We now have a better idea about the distribution of the output; this reduction of uncertainty has given us information. The estimated values were: 60 Allele  , 40 Expression  , 25 Gene Ontology and 25 Tumor. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. ,   , and . We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . Section 5 reports our experimental results. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. Taking into account recent behavioural analyses of online communities and games 24   , entertainment seekers can be expected to put considerable dedication into producing high-quality results to earn more points in a game to progress into higher difficulty levels or a rank on the high score leaderboard. Higher primates  , including humans  , exhibit a space-variant pattern in which the highest resolution is concentrated in the center of the field of view  , called the fovea  , with uniformly decreasing resolution to the periphery of the field of view. Therefore   , in this exploratory study we compare two search interfaces; one where the facets panel is always visible and one where the facets panel is collapsible and thus hidden by default. Pruuiug the set of Equivalent Queries: The set  , of rquivalent queries that are generated by gen-closure are considered by the cost-based optimizer to pick t ,he optimal plan. This overhead is unnecessary and expensive for individuals wishing to get an overall understanding of user opinion. 'h LCA expansion has higher precision at low recall levels. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . It is difficult to use the charge amplifier for a longer time than its time constant. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. investigation. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. However  , the methodological exploration limits them from being widely applicable to high-dimensional planning. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Each internal node has q children  , and each child is associated with a discriminating function: This suggests that a generally more reliable group is more likely to be reliable on a particular object. In future work  , we plan to investigate the utility of the two-vocabulary setting when training with both SE and NL corpora. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. For certain full-text retrieval systems  , the ideal probabilistic model assumed in the Theorem is not always appropriate. , increased model complexity  , which results in over fitting the data. The operation of the pattern matching cascade with sub-string matching capability and 'don't care' characters is illustrated in If the anchor vector has ls in positions s1  , $2 ,.. s k positions the strings x ,.. x ,  , x ,~ .. x ,  , x~  , .. x. have occurred in the text string. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. A bounded sensor observation  , instead of lending statistical weight to some parameter vector  , constrains the parameters to a set. However  , within an uncertain interval   , the computational complexity for matching increases. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. For example  , the result images of " fruit " and " fly " queries can be clustered by visual objects e.g. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. The addition of a feedforward path would not affect stabilitylO. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. Quasistatic simulation results are illustrated by employing a three-fingered hand manipulating a sphere to verify the validity of the proposed low-level planning strategy. This shows that the vast majority 99% in our study of statements in real Java code have depth at most 4  , which our results above show that CodeHint can easily search. 10 proposed a machine learning based method to conduct extraction from research papers. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Our long-term goal is to develop the computational underpinnings that will allow a robot to learn new patterns of interaction from an inexperienced person's instructions. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. This report describes the the query expansion methods that we explored as part of TREC 2008. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. Relevance Judgments In our experiment  , the data are labeled for evaluating QA general retrieval in the following two ways: by using the TREC factoid answer patterns  , and  , independently  , manually in order to validate the pattern-based automatic labels. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. When getting two triple sets bound to two triple patterns  , a sort merge join is enough to work out the final results. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. We also introduced several probabilistic retrieval methods for the task. As such  , query expansion is critical for improving the performance of IR systems in the biomedical literature . D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. In fact  , for some situations Figure 4 d to f  , DBSCAN and Single Link Agglomerative give slightly worse than random performance resulting in ARI values that are slightly below 0. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. Four popular visual descriptors  , tiny image  , color histogram  , GIST 6  , and CEDD 7  , and topic representation of user annotations 8 are extracted to represent the images in compact feature space. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. For each query  , we got the top results from each of these search providers  , and merged and deduplicated these to get 17 ,741 unique documents. In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. The danger in the tabular approach is that it opens the search space further  , but the generality is worth the risk. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. The search for the best choice of this parameter was performed in two steps. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. To determine the performance of the proposed approach when applied to CLIR  , we have conducted extensive experiments including the experiments with the NTCIR-2 English-Chinese IR task. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. We then examine the explanatory variables in relation to the predicted likelihood of module defect-proneness. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. Section 7 concludes and points out some future research work. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. Modeling sentiments: Note that Equation 1 is a general framework   , as it does not limit the methods used for sentiment modeling and quality modeling. In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. The human operator exerts a velocity step. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. This has been observed in some early studies 8. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . We observe that partitions formed using the votes of single-view models contain more than half of the documents in the collection and that these groups are highly homogeneous with an average precision of 0.76. By v a r y i n g t h e frequency of the rotation of the mass  , one can vary the frequency of the imposed force on the end-effector. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. Tradeoff: It identifies and presents results that characterize a tradeoff between the size and sophistication of the search space and the ability of the patch generation system to identify correct patches. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Finding the closest mapping thus naturally becomes a search problem -to search for the ranges expressible in the target form that minimally cover the source. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. Additionally   , search engine query logs can be used to incorporate query context derived from users' search histories  , leading to better query language models that improve search accuracy 42. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: After index construction  , for similarity name search  , we generate a list of 100 queries using chemical names selected randomly: half from the set of indexed chemical names and half from unindexed chemical names. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. We observe that storage systems typically perform redundancy elimination in a manner that is completely transparent to the higher levels  , and our indexing approach would thus have to be implemented at the lower levels for best performance. exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. Similarity calculating component: Calculating the similarity between two questions is a very important component in our QA systems. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. DTDs provide a sophisticated regular expression language for imposing constraints on elements and subelements the so-called content model   , but are very limited in the control of attributes and data elements. Another improvement is to use information contained in manual tests to further guide the search for fault-revealing inputs. Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications .  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. Basically   , the same rules apply to this case. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. However  , we retain part of the solution: once the fan-in for a merge step has been determined depending on available memory we always merge the smallest remaining runs. The translationall velocil.ies matched well  , but the measured rotational velocities were much larger than predicted. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. Recently  , in 19  , routing indices stored at each peer are used for P2P similarity search. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. When w  , r  , or w 0 is *  , the frequency counts af all dependency triples matching the rest of the pattern are summed up. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. Our method is unable to deal with the translation of non-compositional NPs. Search skills can be trained  , e.g. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. Currently  , to the best of our knowledge  , all of the existing search engines have been examined only for small and/or unreal data. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. Therefore  , we have conducted some additional experiments in which we have selectively disabled certain parts of the query expansion subsystem. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. 7b shows that a higher dose of 18-αGA inhibitor resulted in significantly shorter dye transfer distances. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. Optimization. For internal pages  , the child pointers are extracted from the matching items and stored on a stack for future traversal. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. An algebraic system A is developed that is specialized for detecting data flow anomalies. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. , G ,  , = G  , and z ,  , = z ,  , the control structure shown in Fig.4guarantees to achieve the goal transfer function  , Ggoal  , given by 14. Finally  , successive regular expressions are applied from the most to least specific to these sections. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. We first formally define the behavior of a non-malicious and a malicious node in the system using the game theory approach 5. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. Table 5and 6 show the corresponding precisions  , recalls and F-measures of the Cost Sensitive classifier based on Random Forest  , which outperformed the other classifiers yielding an 90.32% success in classification for our trained model. In a typical machine learning scenario h· would be selected from a pool of possible hypotheses by fitting example pairs of y and ⃗ x. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Therefore   , we are going to use the JoBimText framework 5  to create symbolic conceptualizations . In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. Let a and b be two vectors of n elements. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. Further testing will also be done to experimentally verify impedance and saturation. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. In these methods  , all the questions that a user accesses are treated as one document. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. The procedural model is fast  , robust  , and easy to maintain. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Recommendation pages include various lists of books and recommendations with links. 12 and Jones et al. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Thus  , they can be immediately used for efficient ad selection from a very large corpus of ads. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. The original ARSA model uses S-PLSA as the component for capturing sentiment information. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. The sort operator responds by splitting Ihc merge into a preliminary step that merges R  , to R4 into R ,4 assuming " optimized " merging  , and a final step that merges H   , 4 with KJ to X , ,  , into R ,- , , ,. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. Learning by demonstration LBD involves the transfer of skill knowledge from a human or robot demonstrating a task solution and an observing agent. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. Having a " private " search engine would enable an NLP application to issue a much larger number of queries quickly  , but efficiency is still a problem. Our study in the search query log of a commercial search engine reveals that the number of generic search queries  , which have explicit or implicit vertical search intentions  , can surpass the traffic of VSEs. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. Given a word w i   , the context words are the words appearing to the left or right of w i within a window of size m. We define the set of active regions A = {r  , MAIN} where MAIN is a placeholder location corresponding to the global embedding and is always included in the set of active regions. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. In our experiments we assume a pattern does not contain a similarity constraint. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. Given these assumptions  , computing relevance requires the following steps : Query Expansion. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. Figure 2gives an example of the summary hierarchy. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. As it is well known in the IR literature  , query expansion helps to address the problem of word ambiguity. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. the largest subset of nodes such that any node within it can be reached from any other node following directed links  , contained 64 ,826 sites. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . We have made the experience that if there exists such an inconsistency   , it shows up quickly during an attempt to complete the combination. . Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. Query Selection for Learning to Rank: For query level active learning  , Yilmaz et al. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Smyth 23 suggested that click-through data from users in the same " search community " e.g. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. In the design and development of information retrieval systems  , this learning of new and potentially useful vocabulary from records viewed is called query expansion. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. An additional lower bound based on randomly sorting the fused ranking was also measured. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. Support vector machine was used to learn from the artificially enlarged training documents. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. This indicates that the information about curvature is contained in the data  , however the model used to estimate curvature is not quite correct. The project commenced as usual with Losey beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. by assigning a high score to a token outside the article text. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. , The key of this learning procedure is to first define the overall coherence for a query  , and then efficiently identify the set of translation probabilities that maximizes the overall coherence measurement. It might be because of the sparsity of data  , no obvious dimensions are much more important than others  , and every word has some contribution in representing passages nominated for a topic. The role of B-Recogniser can be realised by both domain-tailored  , and domaintrained services. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. To complete this goal  , a controller is designed for each mode by root locus design. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. There is the possibility that many enterprises will require existing personnel to transfer to different work functions in order to capitalize on their enterprise-specific experience. These rules handle match statements. Selecting a good example image that exactly accords with the search intention does not improve the search results significantly. , slightly lower fitness value. Let A c be the set of installed apps on the device of composition Let us consider " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " in Figure 2. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. An electrically driven axis is essentially a fixed device i.e. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. Despite this fact  , we can achieve a high precision value of 0.82. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. they is not limited to a specific search engine or search method. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Results are presented in Figure  12. Due to the massive parallelism available  , the FPGA can perform the searching orders of magnitude more efficiently than a GPP. All the following described operators consume logical streams. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. We calculated Pearson correlation by using SPSS software. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. While performing the pruning step as elaborated before  , we use some simple statistical optimization techniques. 6 Thus we cannot conclude from this evaluation that social search will be equally successful for all kinds of questions. This corpus is mined from the Internet Movie Database archive of the rec.arts.moviews.reviews newsgroup. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. As the system under consideration is a distributed parameter system  , a lineax finite-dimensional model obtained by modal truncation procedures has been used in 3 and by most other researchers. For SortRun  , we now have a set of sorted runs on disk. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. Strategies are presented to allow not only evolution of policies  , but also migration of ongoing negotiations to a new policy. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. For all the projects there is a significant difference between the simpler model in Equation 4 and the model in Equation 3  , showing that fitting curves separately for different initial conditions significantly improves the model fit. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. But  , this can only be done experimentally. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. We evaluated our system on the TREC-5/6 CLIR task  , using a corpus of 164 ,778 Chinese documents and titles of the 54 English topics as queries. Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. In other applications such as personalized search and query suggestion  , random walks are used to discover relevant entities spread out in the entire graph  , so a small restart probability is favorable in these cases. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. Figure 1illustrates influence and homophily dependencies. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. These unavoidable characteristics of the multi-robot domain will necessarily limit the efficiency with which coordination can be achieved. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: Clearly  , the samples produced by QBS are far from random . An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. This overhead is significant even though most of the index pages above the leaf level are cached in memory. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. , near cognates. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. Stopping criterion. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. A-close 10 uses a breadth-first search to find FCPs. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. Today's compilers are quite sophisticated and are capable of using performance information to improve optimization. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. When a user submits a query to the search engine  , the search engine returns the user some ranked documents as search results. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. Big gaps inside a hash table may in some operating systems cause large swap files to be allocated   , wasting disk space resources. In this section we introduce and discuss the results we obtained during the evaluation of the above mentioned predictors . Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. For each English query  , the gold standard geographic location Latitude  , Longitude was obtained by majority consensus among multiple commercial location search engines  , namely  , Google Maps™  , Windows Live Local™  , and Yahoo Maps™  , or by manually locating it on a map. Despite the two search sites coming from different brands  , the returned results were almost identical due to the nature of the search queries used see Procedure. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. We show that CNF expansion leads to more stable retrieval across different levels of expansion  , minimizing problems such as topic drift even with skewed expansion of part of the query. For these tests  , the ceiling was left off to aid in viewing  , but would in practice provide information for the fitting routine. Three levels of strategies are available: A general strategy provides a default setting. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. Assuming that an appropriate ordering exists  , sort-based bulk loading is not limited to one-dimensional index structures  , but can also be applied to OP-trees  , since OP-trees support insertions of entire trees. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. For example  , one searcher submitted a query " george boots " and clicked on a Google's Product Search result . For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. To tackle these problems  , we propose a complete system  , based on a number of well-established technologies  , allowing ontology engineers to deploy their ontologies  , providing the necessary infrastructures to support their exploitation  , and ontology users in reusing available knowledge  , providing essential  , community-based functionalities to facilitate the search  , selection and exploitation of the available ontologies. It requires assessors to compare the search results of the suggestions to that of the input query and awards those suggestions having better search results. This is not surprising for search problems 36  , because the search finishes as soon as one core finds the bug. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. Clearly these computations can be done in time 0  m  once the minimum free radii have been calculated. A content-based MetaLabeler was built at each node in the taxonomy. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . The average length of the titles is 3.3 terms which approximates the average length of short web queries. This is because we aim to compare the word embeddings with different approaches instead of finding the best method for document embeddings. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. Sheridan et al. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. We would like to evaluate a new ranking model by comparing with a baseline  , and looking at the difference in the chosen metric. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. by human experts may not be consistent with actual queries used by users  , which may affect the search quality for the search engine. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. , name of people  , organizations  , locations  , etc. These query differences  , however  , do not directly predict whether or not the WIKI. LINK query expansion method will improve retrieval performance. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. Both CPU and I/O costs of executing a query are considered. This means despite the fact that some search features were perceived as more or less useful for certain search tasks  , this trend was not apparent for all search tasks. Emotion Words. In Section 2  , we give a brief review of related work. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. Such a model is described in terms of the marginals it fits and the dependencies that are assumed to be present in the data. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. , maintainability 16  , 111  , deformable objects 2  , 5  , HI  , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. III tht: current implementation for join with hash-basetl delta access  , sort-when is used to sort R azq impacttad by @  , R , and S as impacted by Si ,Si  , and then 8~ binary merge is used to create the join. We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. We use stack search similar to 30  , which keeps a list of the best n ranking combinations as candidates seen so far. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. The result images are sorted by ORN distances. In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. query-term overlap and search result similarity. This is  , users might stay at workplace during that period  , and hence have similar check-ins while people tend to have lunch about 12:00  , making the curve drops to some extent. Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. We are the first to model sentiments in blogs as the joint outcome of some hidden factors  , answering the call for a model that can handle the complex nature of sentiments. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. In this section  , the È ØØÓÐÐÐÔ×× operation introduced in Section 3.2.1 is trivially generalized to collapse every path in a set of paths. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. The division of queries into the three classes would also he valid for Sort-Merge and Neslcd Loop join. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. The prediction value is the Pearson correlation between the original normalized scores in the list and the new scores. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. To tackle these challenges  , we develop a two-stage framework to achieve the goal of retrieving a set of non-redundant questions to represent a product review. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. The controller transfer function is C The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. The query relaxation engine should automatically determine similar entities and use them for query expansion. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. We also It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. Several different categories of games exist 3. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Semi-structured Search Baseline No-schema  , NSA. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. We call a search in such environments F-search  , and argue that these environments result in a distinct set of information needs and search patterns. We chose the first 20 changed versions. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. , γ j . In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . For the parts in Figure 14  , going from top to bottom  , left to right  , the sensor-based planner took an average of 0.192 secs  , 1.870 secs  , 0.756 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.224 secs  , and 0.188 secs respectively on a SPARC ELC. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. Initial studies have concentrated on the single flexible link. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. 2 In addition  , we removed all requests that supposedly come from web bots  , using the regular expression . Further  , the construction of the database  , posing of the query  , and the observations are to be done as a user to this 'black-box' DBMS. This presented a major challenge to our strategy of generating HTML pages whenever new data arrived  , since the HTML generator had no way of knowing what user would request the page. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. Post-translation expansion and combining pre-and post-translation expansion enhance both recall and precision. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Hence  , we first remove all functions and type declarations which are private to the terminal. This is due to their fixed topology on the latent data space or to bad initialization 8. Finally we decide to apply k=1 and k=0.75 respectively. Such a set is identified either as a frequent set  , or as attributes having a large value in a column of the A matrix in ICA or NMF or as attributes w having a large value of P w|z in PLSA. in these strings. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. In the case where a typical low-speed robot is used  , the proposed model cannot be applied  , and the appropriate deformation of the cloth cannot be achieved. BWESG induces a shared cross-lingual embedding vector space in which words  , queries  , and documents may be presented in a uniform way as dense real-valued vectors. After the sparse codes for all training data are obtained  , an eigensystem of a small matrix Q ∈ R K×K is solved in OK 3  time to obtain the projection matrix W and corresponding hash functions. These experiments show that the decaying factor allows us to better distinguish strong and weak term relationships. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results.   , Zotero  , Facebook and Twitter for relevant activities. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. No instruction was provided on search tactics or vocabulary. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. In this paper we have provided an overview of that work in a way that will help readers recognize similarities and differences in the approaches taken by the where now ¯ ri is the mean rating of item i and w i ,k is the similarity weight between items i and k. The main motivation behind item based systems is the computational savings in calculating the item-item similarity matrix. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. These observations support Joachim's experience that the VC-dimension of many text Train  , c = −1 Test  , c = −1 "money-fx.lf" "money-fx.af" However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. 15 proposed a generative model called Bilingual Topic Model BLTM for Web wearch. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. Second  , some verticals have a search interface through which users directly search for vertical content. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. But MaxMiner uses a breadth-first approach to limit the number of passes over the database. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. Table 1 gives the results for both cw and mw term weightings for the SDR'99 data set. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. String pattern matching and domain knowledge are used for features of formula pattern. We learned embeddings for more than 126.2 million unique queries  , 42.9 million unique ads  , and 131.7 million unique links  , using one of the largest search data set reported so far  , comprising over 9.1 billion search sessions collected on Yahoo Search. Often  , scanning more of the scene will increase the likelihood that the scan can be found in the terrain map. Recall evaluates a search system based on how highly it ranks the documents that corresponds to ground truth. it works for any unordered data structure. The difference to other engines is mainly in the search result representation . Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Character recognition is conducted using template matching. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. Thus  , it provides the first tractable method for search of grasp contacts on such input data. As evaluation Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. This procedure is formalized in Alg. In 16 Hahn et al. Then  , they considers this new document for a random time and moves  , independently  , to a third relevant document and so on. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. Sen is defined as the sensitivity of the extender position  , U  ,   , in response to E ,= 200s + 2100 lbf/rad We choose ' c  , = 0.1 so the bandwidth of H1 becomes the same as of E , 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. For example  , a trip planning search task may include progressive subtasks such as flight booking  , hotel booking  , car rental  , weather and routes inquiries   , where these subtasks are highly correlated with each other sequentially. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. Besides  , since the relationship between the classes and topics is underlying   , we use the indexing variable y to indicate the latent structure between them. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. To form a query  , single-and multi-word units content words are extracted from the parsed query. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. As an example  , suppose if we have 100 pairs on the scene to grasp and if we misclassify top 5 pairs  , we might just end up with a classifier with 95% classification accuracy; whereas  , if we use NDCG as the measure with k = 10  , i.e. This implementation is transparent to the application program  , and has the same semantics as an ordinary character string object. Our system is comprised of a user information collection function and a P2P transfer function. We decide to set γ to a fixed value that generates reasonable diversification results  , using γ = 10 in all our experiments. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. We are comparing our proposed methods with five different competitor strategies. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. One way of increasing recall is to perform query expansion. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. Then  , Sec. We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. , at the University of California Lampson/Sturgis 76  , Cambridge Needham 72  , RA/LABORiA Ferrie 76  , Plessey Telecommunications England 74  , SRI Robinson 75  , and others at Carnegie-Mellon University Habermann 76  , Jones 77  , and in the continuing work on the Multics system Schroeder 77. However  , the general problem is NP-complete 4. In our framework for query expansion  , we adopt a variation of local context method by applying language modeling techniques on relations to select the expanded terms and relation paths. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. Because the small programs apparently contained no errors  , the comparison was in terms of coverage or rate of mutant killing 21  , not in terms of true error detection  , which is the best measure to evaluate test input generation techniques. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. In Table 2  , Query Expansion indicates whether query expansion is used. Heilman & Smith  , 2010 15 develop an improved Tree Edit Distance TED model for learning tree transformations in a q/a pair. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. The plot shows that generally  , the larger the candidate set  , the better the quality. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Thus  , providing optimal support for h ,ash-based delta access requires the ability to dynamically partition the buffer pool belween these two tasks. Hence  , in a given context  , only papers that are relevant to the context reside. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. , at most2 two access methods per rule. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. Yet another example of such a switch-point is seen in Figure 11a  , obtained with query Q2 on OptA  , at 97% selectivity of the PART relation. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. We refer to this set as XE. St ,ep 2: Assuming +at8 the transfer function ofcontrolled system P  s  = Tt'PV  , det ,ermine I<s  , which minimizes masimum model error rmur. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. Although the successful inference of the real-world expressions in Section 5.1 suggests that iDRegEx is applicable in real-world scenarios  , we further test its behavior on a sizable and diverse set of regular expressions. This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. Such organized image search results will naturally enable a user to quickly identify and zoom into a subset of results that is most relevant to her query intent. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. , have a non-random date distribution 5 . Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. If for every execution history h witnessed in the traces  , if h is included in the language of re 1   , then it is also included in the language of re 2 then re 2 is preferred. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. They develop a model called ARSA which stands for Auto-Regressive Sentiment-Aware to quantitatively measure the relationship between sentiment aspects and reviews . The actual definition of the term significance weight is Pt; = liD  , which is the probability that term i is assigned to document representative D. For term i in document j  , the term significance weight is referred to by s;j and the resulting ranking function is Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. To eliminate outliers and potential noise  , we only consider ages for which we have at least 100 observations. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. It is given by The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. Only these two changes are propagated to ICO. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly  , instead of their mapped clusters. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. The Search Service. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. Some instructions require a full word search or rewrite operand long instructions but others do not short instructions. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. Thus  , the system does not adopt a purely agglomerative or divisive approach  , but rather uses both kind of operators for the construction of the tree. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. Character ngrams alone fare very well in these noisy data sets. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Through extensive simulations and experiments with an IBM intranet search engine  , we demonstrate that the scheme achieves online update speed while maintaining good query performance. A further functionality of this tool is the rating of evolution indicating events. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. The HuaJian MT translation is also shown  , and it is seen that it picks up 'air pollution' correctly but misses out the 'automobile' sense of 'auto'. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Accordingly   , our approach allows the user to specify regular expression patterns as part of the fitness function such that sample graph vertices matching the pattern should be clustered and mapped to a particular model graph vertex. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies  , namely migration and emulation. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. This period is defined as a search session. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. The grammar for a simple subset of RML is shown in Figure 2. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. Some of this discrepancy will be due to the cost of the additional machine operations  , and on a modern small computer some of the time will be due to cache misses and pipeline flushes. , through typing and clicking. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. The likelihood function pzt | g −1 i yit  can be any reasonable choice for comparing the hypothesized observations from a latent space particle and the sensor observations. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. Table 4shows the percentage of search sessions not including citation search queries 9.4% compared to the percentage of search sessions not including document search queries. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . A 980-node surface model is then computed by fitting a deformable surface as shown in Figure 12b. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. Creating this distance metric is the focus of this paper. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity. We use the current 3.2 million Wikipedia titles as our knowledge base to perform lexical parsing on all of the titles  , extracting relational argument structure to explore its potential use on topic modeling. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. It can be seen that the robot arm undergoes smooth transfer between autonomous function and avoidance function aa well as recovering function to cope with the unexpected event. Due to the ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space  , hash-based methods have received much more attention in recent years. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. As the binary constraints are directly imposed to the learning objective and are valid throughout the optimization procedure  , the derived binary codes are much more accurate than sign thresholding binary codes. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. But we also present a case that needs smarter graph expansion strategy Figure 5b1-b3. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. We review some key threads: 23  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 20. The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. All or some of these expansion terms can be added to the query either by the user – interactive query expansion IQE – or by the retrieval system – automatic query expansion AQE. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. , 19 decrement rule: Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. Due to the smaller number of sets  , D  , in our case 50 ,000 instead of all the Internet documents we assumed that all the D samples from one permutation can fit in memory. Theobald et al. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. This will be published in the near future. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. In Section 5 we test the performance of our model on the cross-language retrieval task of TREC9  , and compare our performance with results reported by other researchers. For a value of a property  , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. Search engines can update their index in batch mode  , incremental mode  , or real-time mode  , according to the freshness requirements for the search results. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Given a pool of unlabeled sequences  , U = {s 1   , s 2   , ..  , s m }  , the goal of active learning in sequence labeling is to select the most valuable sequences from the pool. For example  , when students conducted a search  , the system log included information about the time when the search is conducted  , the search terms used  , the search hits found  , and the collection that was searched. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. The user queries recommendations by filling in a form  , indicating a list of criteria. Binding a name n is performed by a search in the environment stack for one or more binders n29. Presumably  , had it known the search context or search workflow  , it could have provided more useful and focused information. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. However  , emphasizing the query during reranking does not appear to be necessary. Thus  , the value of N has to reflect a compromise between reducing disk head movements and increasing the average length of the sorted runs. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. A crucial aspect of faceted search is the design of a user interface  , which offers these capabilities in an intuitive way. This scoring function is similar to the un-normalized entry generation likelihood from the feed language model. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. l. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. , we care only about top 10 pairs  , because Φ has an exponential component  , any misranking of the top pairs will result in a bigger loss for N DCG 10 . Moreover  , within each corpus setting  , we go into details to inspect the effectiveness using different features. First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. This might be due to over-fitting the training data with more RBFs. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and , SAE seem to not have any detrimental effect. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. Minwise hashing minhash is a widely popular indexing scheme in practice for similarity search. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. When done folding the chain  , the user saves the new formation and gives it a name. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. Xue et al. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. This simulated evolution took much of the complexity of the system away and provided important insights on the specification of the predation strategy to be used with the real robots. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. τ1  , the number of best renderers retrieved at the first iteration: {5} ∪ {10  , 20  , ..  , 100} ∪ {200  , 300  , 400  , 500}. Similarly  , a user can sort search results according to a selected numerical attribute. If the effective relative access rate is lower than random  , it means that the links with this quality discourage user from accessing them. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. It has even been suggested that CLIR evaluations may be measuring resource quality foremost or equivalently  , financial status 7. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. Cui et al. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. The particular frequency domain profile typical of flexible iiianipulat.or transfer functions iiiade it a good candidate for on-line frequency est ,imation. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. In other cases words were added or omitted. When integrated in LDM  , they achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-art language models and the classical probabilistic retrieval model on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . imputation  inappropriate. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. 2 investigate two facets of search tasks: product and goal. Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr The corresponding transfer function for the plant is for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. The objective of feature fusion is to combine multiple features at an early stage to construct a single model. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . Second  , Space uses the mapping defined by the user to specialize each exposure's constraints to the objects constrained by the catalog. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. We see that the transfer function defines the kinematic correspondence between the master and the slave. Hashing 6  , 24  , 31 has now become a very popular technique for large scale similarity search. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. When the precision at N   , where N is the rank of the current document  , drops below 0.5 or when 2 contiguous non-relevant documents have been encountered  , the user applies content-similarity search to the first relevant document in the queue. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. Stochastic hill climbing does not examine all successors before deciding how to move. Like regular hash teams  , such sortbased query techniques are only attractive if the columns of at least some of the join and group-by operations are the same. Collective inference models have recently been shown to produce more accurate predictions than disjoint inference models 7  , 11. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. x ⊕ y concatenates x and y. splitter is a position in a string or a regular expression  , leftx  , splitter is the left part of x after splitting by splitter. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. But in their methods  , fixed-priority mechanisms such as suhsumption were employed  , and thus  , priority should be given before learning. Integrating Queries and Browsing. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. In the future work  , we will apply our proposed model to the whole DBLP digital library to obtain a large-scale mentorship data set  , which will enable us to study the interesting application such as mentor recommendation. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. 5 However  , for the clarity of presentation  , we have decided to stress the complete modeling analogy between the monolingual and cross-lingual approach to IR. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. Thus we do not need to set the number of clusters ex ante. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. Any pushdown transducer is conservatively approximated by a transducer that forgets the stack of the pushdown transducer. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. In this work  , we develop the MindFinder system  , which is a bilateral interactive image search engine by interactive sketching and tagging. First  , among others  , Gini et al. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. With the similarity in terms of technology and interface design  , why do only a small number of search engines dominant Web traffic ? The use of the special dictionary and the general dictionary in query translation and structuring of queries are highly effective methods to improve the CLIR performance. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. The Stack Overflow API is one of the search APIs used in their work  , and their approach captures the context in a similar fashion to the work by Cordeiro et al. In order to recognize those dirty text  , we employed regular expression techniques. Table 2shows the experimental results. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. The spring-damper model is typically employed as a virtual wall and the transfer function from the velocity at the contact point to the command force is given by Prior to fitting the 19 measurements in the model in Fig. To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Our system provides users not only the reranking interface  , but also a tag cloud to encourage users to explore search results from various viewpoints  , and a simple interface to specify an html element that contains a search result to recognize structures of the search results page. Assume we have a stream of queries submitted to a search engine. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. JQe apply the proposed method t o a simplified soccer game including two mobile robots Figure 5. Advanced features can be inferred using rulebased approaches or machine-learning approaches. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. In survival models  , the response time ∆ i is modeled with a survival function If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. Thus we expand the test query  , and then use the expended query on the matching method. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. The query is then expanded with the top 5 source terms. The assumption always held for the Oracle 8i DBMS that we used in our TPC-H-based experimentation. This just means that the mask update rate would be slower than the object localization update r a k . likelihood function. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. Consider the query: " Peru President  , Fujimori  , bribery scandal  , the 2000 election  , exile abroad  , impeach  , Congress of Peru "   , which is obtained based on the description field from a NTCIR-5 English-Chinese CLIR topic after stop words removal. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Solving these technical challenges and finding a unified and automated way to discover the individual evolution graphs is left for future work. Table 1  , column c reports the average percent failure rate observed for each object. We describe it in more details next. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. Only the tempered version of EM 7 used for folding prevents that the short query is mapped to that border position. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. courses  , students  , professors are generated. 6 indicates that even in pathological cases where χ 2 tests and D KL measures signal a low quality fit  , the log-normal model still provides an acceptable description of the general behavior of the meme. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. , a sequence of partial formulae si with a specific ranges i   , e.g. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. An aspect is a set of pattern-matching-based rewrite rules that statically extend a given program with sets of programming statements and declarations that together implement a crosscutting concern. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. It can also be used directly as a prior for guiding scan matching. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. More advanced users may employ the search feature to find the button by searching for its label  , assuming they know what the label is  , and the label is a text string. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. Therefore we propose to optimize the calculation based on the structural relevance of the axioms and properties of the defined inconsistency measure. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. We explain the difficulty with Gumbel distribution only similar argument holds for Frechet. It is clear that pre-search context is very different from user search history or search session context  , which are explored by many previous studies for understanding search intent. Note that as the number of search points in the random selection increases  , the exploredlviewed space grows more uniformly measured as the standard deviation of the radius of every point in the viewed environment space. When is the best performance achieved ? Due to ambiguity in natural language  , the top returned results may not be related to the current search session. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. , code length  , respectively  , such that mp and mq may be different. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. The identified dynamics of the valve  , the Auid  , and the force sensor are given by a 10th order transfer function with two delays. In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. The above method could employ a variety of pattern­ matching and optimization techniques for sensory interpretation. As mentioned above  , search engines do not produce a random result set. In this approach  , the actual contact forces shall be available via force sensors and assigned to be the desired vector Z  , such that the objective function as shown in Eq. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. Some of these topics were very short and contained very few technical  , specific medical nouns. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. Our main finding is that our approach based on cascaded language model based information retrieval followed by answer extraction using machine-learning does not decrease  , but remains competitive  , if instead of a news-only corpus like AQUAINT2  , an additional corpus of blog posts BLOG06 is used in a setting where some of the answers occur only in the blogs. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. The results from our experimental evaluation shows our approach to be a promising alternative to the standard pipeline approach. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. However  , Group which groups by c custkey requires its input be grouped by this attribute c custkey G . We also found query expansion to be another valuable strategy. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. Search trails are encoded to a string for studying various patterns in the trail. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. For the Bitly sample  , random hash values were created and dereferenced until 1 ,000 target URIs were discovered. Query expansion: In this study we experimented with three expansion methods plus an ensemble method that incorporated the results of the other three. The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. Such a model generalize to new campaigns if we can estimate the unknown coefficients gi for each user feature i from the training data. Within a project  , searchers were allowed to create tags to label different search methods. To complement the inadequacy of cache hit ratio as the metric  , our study is based on real replays of a million of queries on an SSD-enabled search engine architecture and our findings are reported based on actual query latency. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. For example  , Xiang et al. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. The non-overlapping modules corresponding to the initial configuration lie inside the loop while those corresponding to the final Configuration lie outside the loop. In the line of thought of this paper  , we would like to determine a discrete subset of configurations  , and a basic action which defines a transfer function for the subset of configurations. Thus  , we replace it with a near-duplicates detection method. Our experiments exposed three previously unknown bugs  , two of which were already fixed. Expansion terms are integrated in our baseline system. We therefore did not restrict the selection of expansion terms. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. Search-based techniques emphasize reduced record cost  , thereby their recorded information is typically incomplete for a faithful replay. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. The dimensionality of the embedding space was set to d = 300  , the window size was set to 5 and the number or random negative samples per vector update was set to 5. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. Table 3summarizes the results of the LIMSI IR system for the R1  , S1  , and cross-recognizer conditions . Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. As such  , #weight folding  , in concert with max score  , gave us a large speedup in the query expansion runs. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. Let Q be a query submitted by the user Word pruning. Furthermore  , the following more-detailed research questions are addressed:  Can ontologies generate added value in query expansion mechanisms  , as compared to thesauri ? The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. , information must occur within three words of collect. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. To choose the optimal value of α we simply choose the value which maximizes an objective function  , in this case the log likelihood of the heldout data. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. Differences in resource quality may account for disagreeing reports on the effectiveness of query expansion in cross-language retrieval. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. We prepare the training data and devise a classifier using a support vector machine based on features such as keywords in a tweet  , the number of words  , and the context of target-event words. The intended action is highlighted on the bottom half and the top half is the permission pattern. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. Tweet Timeline Generation TTG is a new task for this year's Microblog track with a putative user model as follows: " I have an information need expressed by a query Q at time t and I would like a summary that captures relevant information. " , they are able to detect the matching pairs in the dataset  , but they also misclassify a lot of non-matching pairs  , leading to a low precision. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. If the heuristics guides the search to a local minimum  , a random subgoal is generated and the heuristic strategy is attempted via the subgoal configuration. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. All modules and related technical information are illustrated in Figure 5. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. During search  , our distributed search component accesses different databases depending on whether the user is a lay person or a physician. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The vector representation of trails allows us to use the Cosine similarity measure to compute similarity between any two given trails. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. 8 provides some initial answers to these questions  , but does not address predictability directly  , nor does it look specifically at anchor text. " We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Furthermore  , MMR is agnostic to the specific similarity metrics used  , which indeed allows for flexibility  , but makes no indication as to the choice of similarity metrics for Sim1 and Sim2 that are compatible with each other and also appropriate for good performance. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. A-SMFO has very nice properties. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. However  , the sample size of 25 is close to the lower bound of 30 suggested in texts as " sufficiently large " . On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. The first summand is the fitting constraint  , while the rest constitutes the regularization. In the second case  , the convergence to the cyclic motion is forced and the conditions on the CoP evolution are relaxed  , as a consequence  , the performance of the control law is improved with respect to its stability. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. Figure 4a shows a scatter plot of users for Pearson  , where the horizontal axis is N50  , and the vertical axis represents similarity to the data centroid. For other cuboids  , only a single page of memory can be allocated -these cuboids are said to be in the " SortRun " state. The greater the value of the ratio  , the stronger our hypothesis is said to be. The similarity score of two documents is derived by counting the number of identical hash values  , divided by m. As m increases  , this scheme will approximate asymptotically the true similarity score given by the specific function fsim. This is our estimate for the runtime frequency of the path. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Our explanation is that the selective query expansion mechanism refines the top-ranked documents  , while it introduces noise to the rest of the returned documents.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. We compare LDM to both the classical probabilistic model i.e. Therefore  , the unvisited POIs also contribute to learning the model  , while they are ignored in conventional MF. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. Given two sets of terms x and y  , we measure their co-existence level by For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. One major default mode that can alterate this function is the seizing of the pump axis. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. Table 1 . When two robots are within the same " node " of the map  , they can localize with the same landmarks and operate in a common coordinate system. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. In this paper   , we describe a query parser between ASR and Search. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. Without any learning module  , Random Walk is presumably neither efficient nor effective. In Q­ learning the policy is formed by determining a Q-value for each state-action pair. McCarley  , 1999 studied both query and document translations and concluded the combination of the two translations can improve retrieval performance. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. So they exploit partially visual cues created by Web designers in order to help human users to make sense of Web pages contents. the initiating events from Fig- ure 2 . CN2 consists of two main procedures: the search procedure that performs beam search in order to find a single rule and the control procedure that repeatedly executes the search. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital  , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. In contrast  , query expansion uses a limited probabilistic model that assumes independence between features and the model parameters are often fit in a heuristic manner based on term frequency information from the corpus. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. Most of them use the " full text search " technologies which retrieve a large amount of documents containing the same keywords to the query and rank them by keyword-similarity. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. Characterizing predictability. The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. For each project-investor pair  , we predict whether the investor supports the project prediction is 1 or not prediction is 0. However  , the involvement of the user in CLIR systems by reviewing and amending the query had been studied  , e.g. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In post-TREC experiments  , we worked on enhancing the query expansion and temporal re-scoring approaches. For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. The path expression join can be observed through the author and wasBorn properties. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. ueu To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. To achieve such high quality imputation we use the practical variant of Kolmogorov complexity  , MDL minimum description length  , as our guiding principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completion. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. It is of the following form: To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. Noise in the form of inaccurate perception of the human's outcome values and actions is another potential challenge. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " by similarity to a single selected document. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. The optimization method we use is a modification of the well-known evolution strategy 15  , 161  , augmented with an extrapolation operation in addition to the standard mutation operator. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. Then the topranked terms can be selected as expansion terms. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. This is in contrast to the more widely adopted fitting approach of ordinary least squares where only one variable in the model is assumed to contain error. Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. In the next Section  , we review related work on various query expansion techniques. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. There was a strong negative correlation between the intersearcher term-consistency and the number of search terms per search request rs = -0.663; p = 0.0002 and also between the term-consistency and the number of search terms per search concept rs = -0.728; p = 0.0001. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. This technique allows us to index the time series in order to achieve fast similarity search under uniform scaling. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. 15 propose a different method that trades search capability for much less security. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. The gradient threshold is set to ½¾  , the number of bins to ¿ and the number of probes to ¼. LiveSet-Driven achieves good scalability by pruning many cells in the search whereas All-Significant- Pairs checks a huge number of pairs of cells  , thus requires exponential runtime. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. However  , the double skew case was not considered. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. InexpC2QE We also tested the model selection mechanism with the use of a query expansion methodology. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. In this paper we introduced a proximity based framework for query expansion which utilizes a conceptual lexicon for patent retrieval. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. , 29  to further improve the speed and scalability of similarity search. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. The procedure of 7 is used for 1/0 Decoupled sys+ ten=  , getting a LOR controller. Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. We can see that the asymmetric estimator works well when cosine similarity is close to 1  , but degrades badly when smaller than 0. The advantage of this calculation is its efficiency  , compared to that of WM1. is synonymy expansion or morphological variant expansion helpful ? To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. The size of each auxiliary file and the total size for each search is given in Table 2. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. While providing entitybased indexing of web archives is crucial  , we do not address the indexing issue in this work  , but instead extend the WayBack Machine API in order to retrieve archived content. run quicksort for each user. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . lo  , variations in the transfer function of the controlled system should be given in advance. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Third  , a distributed P2P search system is more robust than a centralized search system as the failure of a single server is unlikely to paralyze the entire search system. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations   , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. In view of the lot related objective function  , it is not necessary to model the movement of individual transfer lots. Our research seeks to explore such techniques. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. , movie.stars.name. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. A momentary switch is mounted-on the side of the handlebar. Given the word embeddings  , this task is solved by finding the word d * whose embedding is closest to the vector u b − ua + uc in terms of cosine proximity  , i.e. The documents were stemmed using Al-Stem a freely available standard resource from the TREC CLIR track  , diacritics were removed  , and normalization was performed to convert the letters ya For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. ENUM " between slashes. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. Second  , we model advertiser behaviors using a parametric model  , and apply machine learning techniques to learn the parameters in the model. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. On Wikipedia data  , shown in the lower part of Table  3  , we find similar relations. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. A search is an interaction that leads to a result page; a query is a set of terms given by a search. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. Finally  , conclusions are presented in Section 6. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. The type of RegExp used depends on the question category and may be a simple keyword-based RegExp or a sophisticated multi-RegExp expression. Furthermore  , ExpoMF with content covariates outperforms a state-of-the-art document recommendation model 30. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. We expect that those hidden factors would correspond to blogger's complex sentiments expressed in the blog review. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. v Simulation. While the former is easier to derive and implement  , the Newton method yields very fast convergence near the minimum. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Each of the expressions passed is EVALed after invoking the data transfer protocol on its arguments. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. For swiss-roll we use K = 530. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. Since the advertiser's strategy is semi-myopic  , at any time step  , the bid should fetch him a non-negative expected profit for the rest of the phase. The cost increase for larger values of N are due to the N-dependence of the final merge phase of the sort; for N = 1  , only the first page of each run is read  , while for N = 100 ,000 all pages of all runs are read and merged. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. Specifically  , leaving si untranslated could be a wise choice if its semantics could be recovered by pre-or post-translation expansion. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. , A higher likelihood of generating the dataset from the model implies a lower amount of privacy. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . Rhythmic search is not possible. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. To further test the quality of the suggested queries  , CLQS system is used as a query " translation " system in CLIR tasks. Otherwise  , all possible one-word expansions of it are computed. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. Channels and variables may either be local or global. , to assign relevance ranking values to unlabeled documents based on some relevance judgments we must incorporate a prior so as to avoid over-fitting the labeled data. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. We exploit the supervision information on the labeled target language data set At to directly tune the target language SAE. While these metrics provide a good estimate of the quality of the search results  , and in turn have been shown to correspond to search effectiveness of users  , these do not take into account the search success of a specific user for a session. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Therefore  , we believe that full expansion with mild query expansion leads to best overall performance. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. Importantly  , the appropriate type of navigation depends strongly on whether the search is a hasty/heuristic search 1   , an exhaustive search  , or a search that evaluates high priority regions first. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. The number of in-memory sorts needed is exponential in k. This exponential factor is unavoidable  , because the width of the search lattice of the datacube is exponential in k. It remains to be seen whether or not the exponential CPU time dominates the I/O time in practice. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. When evaluating answers for each question type  , we determine whether changing " or " or " and " retrieves any sentences  , and allow this most restrictive screen if it returns any sentences. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. , a small rock on the right side while climbing a big hill. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. S is a stack of configurations  , initially containing only the assembled configuration  , that are recursively 'expanded' until a disassembly is obtained. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. For direct comparison  , Table 1provides the results of the methods of Stoica and Hearst 4 re-implementation by the authors and Seki et al. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. Section 5 outlines the test data. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. For example  , " violation " in query #56 is translated to the more common " " rather than " -- " . We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. Random-surfer model Section 4: We assume that Web users discover new pages purely by surfing randomly on the Web  , just following links. , 10. Darwish later extended Kwok's formulation to handle the case in which translation probabilities are available by weighting the TF and DF computations  , an approach he called probabilistic structured queries PSQ 4 To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. This indicates that the folding approach benefits from its strong mechanism to automatically and dynamically select a proper number of clusters. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability.