By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The paper is organized as follows. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. For each blog entry b  , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors  , P z|b. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. The existing optimizers  , eg. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. The directory space. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. The inference is performed by Variational EM. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. The softmax distribution has several important properties. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. For an environment depicted in Fig. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. Comparing the obtained results between the three datasets  , we can notice that our approach in SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets achieves similar performance when reducing the percentage of shared classes. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. Used features. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. We do not further discuss in-core merges. served as ranking criterion. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. For instance  , if ADRENAL were seeking documents in response to the example query on Quicksort see Section 2.1 a sentence containing the words "statistical" and "divide" would be an excellent choice for parsing  , to distinguish good matches like "..the statistical properties of techniques that divide a problem into smaller.." from bad matches  , such as "..we divide up AI learning methods into three classes: statistical ,..". The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. In addition to the user and previous queries  , the model can also include result URLs  , individual query terms or phrases  , or important relatedness indicators like the temporal delay between queries 3. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. There might be two possible reasons. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. Probabilistic CLIR. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. The assumption deviates from reality when there are no indices and the database chooses multi-way merge-sort joins. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . call this distributed out-of-core sort. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. Also shown are simulationsize inputs for three benchmarks for comparison  , with scores from simulator-based profiling shown in parentheses. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. We rewrote the classifier and distiller to maximally exploit the I/O efficiency of sort-merge joins. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. Thus  , the third heuristic is: 'The Cornell and Yu results apply to hash-based  , sort-merge  , and nested loops join methods. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. A new concept called " theme " is introduced in TSM for document modeling  , and a theme is modeled as a compound of these three components: neutral topic words  , positive words and negative words  , in each document. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. Meanwhile  , because traditional evaluation metrics cannot meet the special requirements of QA communities  , we also propose a novel metric to evaluate the recommendation performance. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . When getting two triple sets bound to two triple patterns  , a sort merge join is enough to work out the final results. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. Acknowledgments. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. Ranking the words according to their scores. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end.