The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 30. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. 4.3 on a training data set. 7. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . 2014. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. The first assumption in 12 requires that The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. , ridge regularization method 12. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . It is the star of the matrix A in this expression which makes the calculation of h difficult. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. ? We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. 2 by gradient descent. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. The parameters  , Eps and MinP ts  , are critical inputs for DBSCAN. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. WE metrics using word2vec 4. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. p~ ~  ,. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. ueu The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. 243–318 for an introduction. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. Thus make it even tougher for DBSCAN to detect density region. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. , array of floating point values. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. In particular  , we use the L2 i.e. This results in the following regularized hinge-loss objective: In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. Molecular dynamics simulations help us understand how proteins fold in nature  , and provide a means to study the underlying folding mechanism  , to investi­ gate folding pathways  , and can provide intermediate folding states. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. Stopping criterion. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. Here we evaluate the performance of whole page retrieval. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. Ester et al. Figure 4shows an example. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: Datasets. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. Model modifications are described in Section 3. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: S! " One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. This labeling and model fitting is performed off-line and only once for each sensor. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. For gq  , p  , hq  , q0 ∈ 0  , 1  , we apply a sigmoid/logistic function given by σ· = 1 1+e −· . Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. RQ6 a. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Section 2 describes related work. Two cases have to be distinguished. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. , are provided by the Access Service itself. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Initialization. Let a and b be two vectors of n elements. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. Like Q-learning. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. In our case  , the size of the encN is 256. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Realizing the vision of autonomic computing is necessarily a worldwide cooperative enterprise  , one that will yield great societal rewards in the near-term  , medium-term and long-term. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. This is a standard trade-off in fitting multiple models to data 8. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. to any application. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model.  Query execution. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. Pair Potentials. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. We repeat iterative step s times. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. 3d. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. fol " .tif. " the user leaving the ad landing page. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We observe that the various query sets exhibit different levels of difficulty; this is indeed what we would have liked to achieve by considering different types of information needs. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. RQ6 b. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. We call this method Variational Dynamic Programming VDP. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. There are  , however  , important differences. In this literature  , in this work  , we only use HTML deobfuscation and MIME normalization. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. , the shared data item. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. Note that value iteration can be considered as a form of Dynamic Programming. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. The construction of a semantic space with RI is as follows: Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. 2. For each rank in the interleaved list a coin is flipped to decide which ranker assigns the next document. , the percentage of right classifications of our approach by realizing all properties occurring in the QALD- 2 benchmark. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. However  , the application is completely different. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. 1a and 1b. to the introduction of blank nodes. Acknowledgments. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. likelihood function. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. Conduct curve fitting for sampled distance and zoom level as in an MS-Word document. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. Wu et al. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. , to edit them. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . This can be perceived from results already. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. There might be two possible reasons. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The worst performance is by LD. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Then  , the following relation exists between However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. Q-valuê Qs  , a is said to be monotonic for the goal directed Q-learning with action-penalty representation if and only if ∀s  , a The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. As the first click model for QAC  , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. Learning. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. Dynamic programming. Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. quasi-Newton method. special effects. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. Lib instances. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Figure 2awas taken from these data. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. i.e.