With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. The server sub-session parse the query string into a script consisting of a set of SQL statements and content-based search operators. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. Used features. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. Model fitting. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. 0 Motion prediction. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. Also in terms of the evolution facet  , a service design needs to be evaluated at a more specific level. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. Typical full-text indexing e.g. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. This ID is used to identify the result of the classification. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. Combinations of latent semantic models. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. Another approach is to discretize the state space and use dynamic programming 9  , IO . Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. The research question is: pattern. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? The approach can be characterized as a generalization of an N-way merge sort. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. After that search is carried out among this population. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. The evolution of a &-graph to a deadlocked graph is closely monitored  , as it evolves as the simulation progresses. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992.  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. There were no significant correlations between subjects' estimates of recall and their estimates of time  , or actual time taken. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . The dynamic programming technique currently used for finding the minimum-cost trajectories demands a monotonic integration of the entropy. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. This feature  , however  , was not included for the video library described below for funding and bandwidth reasons. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. The simulator works by artificially generating all possible sensorial input that a robot can face in its working season and the response of each evolving controller is tested for all these situations and fitness is increased each time the response is correct. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. We study the scalability of our framework  , using the mapping in Example 1 and two other mappings derived from it. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. Amini2  p pesented dynamic programming for finding minimun points. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. The optimization in Eq. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. for some nonnegative function T . 4due to the unsuitable profile model. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. Add items to the search engine indices. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. Although the two search sites were different  , the returned search results were very similar due to the nature of queries used see Procedure. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. Decentralized Search. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. Groupization to improve search. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. To account for these situations  , we must slightly modify the strategy defined above to detect whether a method is part of a change chain. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. Further  , we also improve on their solution. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. We perform the optimization using a combination of random search and gradient descent with numerical gradient computation. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. Definition 1. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. quicksort. Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. Similarity between users is then computed using the Pearson correlation: Rating data is represented as a user × item Matrix R  , with Ru  , i representing the rating given by user u for item i  , if there exists a rating on item i  , or otherwise there will be a null value. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. Several issues must be resolved to realize this basic idea. In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. Regular expression inference. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. The softmax distribution has several important properties. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. We may implement more advanced search capabilities in the future – for example  , limiting a search to a particular index  , such as sample records or setDescriptions. We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. We have applied Aspect-Oriented Programming AOP to collect dynamic information. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. Figure 4shows the number of results returned by the two approaches for the 316 queries. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. Despite the single user requiring such a feature and the high rating she assigned to the app  , the barebones developers implemented search suggestions in the release 3.1: " Added Google Search Suggestions " . As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. The PDFs analyzed were a random sample from our SciPlore.org database  , a scientific web based search engine. This is also observed in our experiments. It runs alongside the search engine. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. Finally  , we have shown how this framework implements service containers to enable scalable deployment. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. There are various visual distance measures and we arbitrarily use the Pearson correlation distance in these experiments. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. The results are available in tab. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. Previously examined by Cui et al. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. In this paper we describe the use of collective post-search browsing behavior of many users for this purpose. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. The single search box has the option to switch to the advanced mode. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. Clustered multi-index. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. As a final method of evaluating our methodology  , we turned to manual evaluations. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . sen by an expert panel as search queries; 2 collecting the random sample without specified search terms and extracting appropriate data 2; 3 collecting from specific users that are known to be contributing to the debate 3. When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. However  , best-first search also has some problems. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. The freedom in choosing a heuristic is very large. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. Their approach can be considered as the " opposite " of an N-way merge sort. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. percolation "  ? But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. It was then shown in 5 that Q-learning in general case may have an exponential computational complexity. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. Based on the block-based index structure  , however  , the search execution is much more efficient. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. This system provides a dynamic and automated faceted search interface for users to browse the articles that are the result of a keyword search query. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The position of the random item within the list of 11 items was randomly drawn for each owner. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. The operands for long instructions can be immediate operands i.e. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. We do not further discuss in-core merges. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. In this experiment. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. Experience The main effect of the searchexperience attribute 1 if search  , 0 if experience shows a higher conversion rate for search products online at 0.003207. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . There is a number of environments supporting aspects explored by our spontaneous software approach  , like programming languages supporting code on demand and content delivery and software distribution systems allowing dynamic distribution and updating of digital resources. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . pred is a function returning a boolean. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space.  A new characterization of search queries to distinguish between F-search in " familiar " places versus U-search in " unfamiliar " locations  , defined on a per-user basis. Plotting the singular values in a Scree plot Figure 1 indicates that after the 4rth dimension  , the values begin to drop less rapidly and are similar in size. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The files are populated with 100 ,000 keys and the clients retrieve 1000 random keys in each experiment  , start@ each time with an empty image of the file. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7.  Define within the functional specification determined areas for change and evolution  , and agree with marketing and sales. Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. With these methods   , the right method according to the dynamic types of the parameters is executed. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. They develop a model called ARSA which stands for Auto-Regressive Sentiment-Aware to quantitatively measure the relationship between sentiment aspects and reviews . Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. The evolution strategy has been shown to be globally convergent given unbounded running time 4. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. The estimates from two methods are very close. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. This gives the system the ability to handle failures or unexpected events that occur during the execution proces. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. Moreover  , the improvement of CTM over PLSA and NetClus is more significant on the results of papers than other two objects. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. Moreover  , we adopt the Action Watch Dog and the Switching the Evaluation Function method. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. We also found a significant difference between the number of queries and documents selected across the different search task queries: differences in how these system features were used amongst our participants across the search tasks. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. However  , the high di- IEEE International Conference -2695 on Robotlcs and Automation mension of the state space usually results in dynamic programs of prohibitive complexity. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . If K  , N  , T assume realistic values  , though  , the exact solution of BP may become rather cumbersome or infeasible in practice. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. In contrast  , dynamic techniques tend to be more practical in terms of applicability to arbitrary programs and often seem to provide useful information despite their inherent unsoundness. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. the steps in the explore phase and the randomly chosen agents  , let DT be the times that i receives the item under strategy S during the exploit phase before time liT   , i.e. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. Our work builds on this paradigm. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. Semantic relevance. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. The second task  , namely prior art search  , consists of 1000 test patents and the task is to retrieve sets of documents invalidating each test patent. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. A step in the direction of understanding the search context is the new " Yahoo Mindset " experimental search service 10 . Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. Traiectorv danner. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. Several meta-search engines exist e.g. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline .  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. The existing optimizers  , eg. Figure 1reports these scores. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. To maximize power savings under constraints  , this module runs only when the Scanning Module has forwarded pixel luminance histogram information from enough beacon frames to form a meaningful batch of frames. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. 3  , we show how a combination of text-search followed by visual-search achieves this goal. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. IICHI optimal. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. They follow walls and turn at random at intersections. Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Table 3 shows that the PLSAbased techniques substantially outperform the Marginal and Query baselines  , and the full PLSA model outperforms its simpler versions. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. To preserve the quality of results  , a distributed search engine must generate the same results as a centralized implementation. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. From formula 2  , we can see that the aspect model expresses dimensionality reduction by mapping a high dimensional term document matrix into the lower dimensional one k dimension in latent semantic space. It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . I. Node generation. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. Then a search mission is a sequence of consecutive searches  , such that a query of a search shares at least one non-stopword with any previous query within the search mission. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. While the systematic techniques used sophisticated heuristics to make them more effective  , the type of random testing used for comparison is unguided random testing  , with no heuristics to guide its search. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Trails can contain multiple query iterations  , and must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or connected to a search result page via a hyperlink trail. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. RANDOOP is closer to the other side of the random-systematic spectrum: it is primarily a random input generator  , but uses techniques that impose some systematization in the search to make it more effective . We proposed a content hole search for community-type content. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. With such a mechanism in place  , in the case of the 2012 U. S. presidential elections Figure 1  , 30% of users' queries could be instantly served locally e.g. There are also successful examples of dynamic walking systems that do not use trajectory optimization. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. Viterbi recognizer search. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. Groups of changes of one request are maintained in a linked list using the HAS PREVIOUSCHANGE property. One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. Instead of a complete sorting  , merge sort can serve the same purpose and save. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. This provides a degree of privacy  , but it makes search logs less useful by inserting additional noise that makes a user's general interests difficult to discern. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. In this experiment  , the robots were evolved in the same environment presented in FigureThis experiment uses a very simple fitness fimction in order to prevent biasing evolution towards a preconceived solution. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . To compare ranking quality  , we also computed nDCG for the best-scoring related approach ESA  , where it reaches 0.845: as Figure 4shows  , our approach scores also beats that number significantly. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Figure 6shows the simulated evolution of four different mutation rates. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. We can also observe the inertia of the crowd that continued tweeting about the outbreak   , even though the number of cases were already declining e.g. An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. To perform this experiment  , we use a standard  , state-of-the-art search engine  , in this case the Terrier search engine 4   , to create highly simple search engines   , i.e. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. Section 5 reports our experimental results. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. . Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. We can make the following observations. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality. This procedure is formalized in Alg. This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. Enhanced semantic desktop search provides a search service similar to its web sibling. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. The Kendall's τ should be compared with the 0.742 correlation for ranking the TREC 2004 systems based on the TREC 2003 versus the TREC 2004 topics; the Pearson's coefficients should be compared with the 0.943 correlation on scores between the two topic sets. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. As a key factor for efficient performance  , it must be careful about random accesses to index structures  , because random accesses are one or two orders of magnitude more expensive than the amortized cost of a sequential access. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. Results. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. Other search strategies can be specified as well. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. The model we have explored thus far assumes that users make visit to pages only by querying a search engineFigure 12: Influence of the extent of random surfing. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. Table lsummerizes the results. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. they are equivalent. Table 2 alsoshows the correlation analogous to Pearson correlation coefficient between the row and column scores for each dimension singular value score; the greater the inertia  , the greater the association between row and column. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. This further substantiates the finding that search features support as well as impede information seeking 1. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. states from which no final states can be reached. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. We envision three lines of future research. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. Finally  , the segmentation was done using dynamic programming. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . When this occurs  , random search with a randomly chosen depth bound is executed. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. People search is one of the most popular types of online search. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Perhaps more surprising is the fact that a simple keyword search  , composed without prior knowledge of the collection  , almost always yields a more effective seed set than random selection  , whether for CAL  , SAL  , or SPL. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. However  , because of using a single iterator as above  , Bidirectional search does not generate multiple trees with the same root ,unlike Backward search. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. Further  , each predicate is annotated with an access method; i.e. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. When getting two triple sets bound to two triple patterns  , a sort merge join is enough to work out the final results. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. hill there may exist a better solution. We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. There are some that are designed for many dof manipulators based on random 2 Brownian motion  , sequential IO  backtracking with virtual obstacles  , or parallel 3 genetic opti-mization search. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. In the following chapters we will introduce various evolution strategies to maintain the structural  , logical and user-defined consistency of an ontology. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. We assume a " pay-per-click " pricing model  , in which the advertiser pays a fee to the search provider whenever a user clicks on an advertisement. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Quasistatic simulation results are illustrated by employing a three-fingered hand manipulating a sphere to verify the validity of the proposed low-level planning strategy. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. Initially a random search strategy is used in which the profile of the object is placed at a series of ten random locations within the bounds of the substrate profile and the resultant total error for the difierence surface recorded in each case. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. We now compare SI-Backward search with the MI- Backward search on a larger workload of 200 queries consisting of 2-7 keywords. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. According to experiment results  , a mapping with one more nesting level used about 20 more seconds on hashing. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. In Section 4  , we discuss details of our experiments. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. F ocus is an ambiguous search term on YouTube and does not commonly relate to the artist Focus. This paper focuses on find-similar's use as a search tool rather than as a browsing interface. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. In comparison  , our work focuses specifically on task-oriented search  , and ignores other types of search such as browsing different attributes of an object  , which allows us to take the advantage of existing procedural knowledge to more reliably support search tasks when compared to the use of general search logs. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. The large majority of users cannot—and do not want to— be engaged in any kind of " programming " other than simple scripting. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. Although gathered at an early stage in the evolution of aspect-oriented programming  , these empirical results can help evolve the approach in several ways. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. When applying a table search query to the popular search engines  , we observe that a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results will be returned. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. At the same time  , we needed a language supporting both static and dynamic typing  , to reduce the differences between the experimental treatments. The likelihood function Eq. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. A character-level FM-INDEX for a text can be stored in a fraction of the space occupied by the text itself  , and provides pattern search and with small overhead random-access decoding from any location in the text. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. However  , the double skew case was not considered. The abstract page displays a full meta-record title  , authors  , abstract  , rights etc. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. These three categories of search represent three of the four qualitatively different search types encountered in WiSAR 14  , 28. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. likelihood function. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. We employ the dynamic programming approach to check for patterns of equally spaced strong and weak beats among the detected onsets and compute both inter-beat length and the smallest note length. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. Search queries are then accelerated by using that structure. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. Hence  , computationally efficient methods such as dynamic programming are required. Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. Christensen et al. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. We have evaluated the quality of six different topic models ; since the human coding results were obtained as part of a case study for mining ethnic-related content  , two models work specifically with ethnonyms  , but in each case the assessors simply evaluated top words in every topic: We have trained all models with T = 400 topics  , a number chosen by training pLSA models with 100  , 300  , and 400 topics and evaluating the results. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. Like Q-learning. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. Following standard practice in work on queryperformance prediction 4  , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of permutations Qπ and their predicted performance  Qπ. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. Product Search and Bing Shopping. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. Entry level prediction evaluation is performed by calculating the Goodman and Kruskal's gamma GK-Gamma for short correlation. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. This interface offers direct access to the rule manipulation primitives for allowing dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. using a dynamic programming approach. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. More specifically  , We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work  , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. In the investigation  , we also examine the hyperparameter settings for PLSA such as initial conditional probabilities and zero estimate smoothing in the context of our problem. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. The STS corpus is a collection of 1.6 million English tweets collected by submitting queries with positive and negative emoticons to the Twitter search API. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. By applying A*  , a heuristic based best-first search is performed on the extended visibility graph. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. The presented results are preliminary. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. We used a modified version of the evolution strategy to learn manipulation primitives. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . Since the number of users and items are usually large  , the feature spaces used for computing similarity  , such as cosine and Pearson correlation   , become high dimensional  , and hence  , hubness occurs. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai .