Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. The need of CLIR systems in today's world is obvious. In fact  , a class profile can be seen as an approximative unigram Language Model for the documents in that particular class. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. 2015. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. Breaking the Optimization Task. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. This paper focuses on the ranking model. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. By referring to the feature map  , each particle can determine the relative orientation of features observable in its field of view as a function of bearing The interleaving of random testing and concolic execution thus uses both the capacity of random testing to inexpensively generate deep program states through long program executions and the capability of concolic testing to exhaustively and symbolically search for new paths with a limited looka- head. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. For the strict relevance criterion  , the recall improved by 18% 0.048 to 33.2% 103 exactly correct definitions   , and the precision declined only slightly with 420 false positives to 19.7% F1 24.7%. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. We explain the difficulty with Gumbel distribution only similar argument holds for Frechet. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort  , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics  , while for semantic topics  , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. To identify friends with similar tastes  , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: we present our training and testing data in Section 2  , and our weighting criteria in Section 3. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. Then  , the method above is applied for each pattern string. Hildebrandt et al. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. For example  , a sentence Q = w1  , w2  , w3  , ..  , wn will be transformed into a sentence matrix M ∈ R n×m where n is the length of sentence and m is the dimensionality of vector representation. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. To this end  , we matricize X in Mode 1 to generate matrix X 1 ∈ R u×lat . The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Furthermore  , at the end of the indexing the individual fingerprint trees can be collected with sorting and merging operations  , as the longest possible path in each fingerprint tree is due to Lemma 2 the labels are strictly increasing but cannot grow over . Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. Index structures in this context hardly use a full literal as key elements for indexing  , but rather apply term based relevance scores and retrieval methods. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly  , instead of their mapped clusters.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. This feature container provides standardized means to add and remove features  , and allows queries for a particular feature. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . XSPARQL extends XQuery by two additional grammar expressions: the SparqlForClause to use SPARQL's graph pattern matching facility including operators  , and the ConstructClause to allow straightforward creation of RDF graphs. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. Nallapati et al. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. In light of these problems  , we have not yet implemented a sufficiently complete narrowing function in EXPRESS. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. As advocated in 3  our proposed method for correspondence search first constrains the search region and then performs an appearance based search therein. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . The greater the value of the ratio  , the stronger our hypothesis is said to be. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. In addition  , we expect random access latencies to improve over time as developers continue to improve HDFS. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. A set regular path query Q ‚Ξ Ð R describes a relation between a single node and a set  , based on a regular expression R together with a quantifier Ξ. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients r and Spearman's Rank Order r s  correlations were computed to assess whether participants' preferences regarding robot design and use were correlated with their religious affiliation and spiritual beliefs. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. Interest in Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR has grown rapidly in recent years l 2 3 . where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. This behavior first searches a small area around the last known position of object by generating a random small motion in CS. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. Also  , the correlation of frequencies of personal finance queries is very high all day  , indicating searchers are entering the same queries roughly the same relative amount of times  , this is clearly not true for music. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. A camera is positioned above the table with its visual axis forming an angle of 30° with the vertical  , in a way that the target edge appears at the lower edge of the acquired image. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. Each participant was assigned a search task selected at random without replacement  , and asked to judge the suitability of various documents as starting points for this search task a within-subjects design. The heuristic rules allow creating user-defined types. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. This probability is embedded in the complete data likelihood and since all distributions are normal  , P Un ,u|rest is also normal. , proportion of upper case characters that we tested are not good indicators of spam. Overall  , the model captures the key trends in the data  , including a decrease in voting polarity with rank on the diagonal  , and the increase in voting polarity for reviews that are ranked too low. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . Character recognition is conducted using template matching. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. Support vector machine was used to learn from the artificially enlarged training documents. Conventional applications of GA- Fuzzy suggest a random initial popultion. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient An element definition specifies a pair consisting of an element name and a constraint. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. In this paper we can only show path snapshots; movies can be found at http://www .cs.tamu.edu/faculty/amato/dsmft. A technique that can be used to alleviate the impact of the above problems is by identifying phrases in the query and translating them using a phrase dictionary. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. In the past  , several researchers have addressed the problem of registering two images obtained from different viewpoints. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. For our experiments we used a subset of 7.5 million pages selected at random from a crawl of about 120 million web pages crawled by the PolyBot web crawler 34 in October of 2002. 2001. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. In memory-based methods  , this is taken into account by similarity measures such as the Pearson or Spearman correlation coefficient 15 which effectively normalize ratings by a user's mean rating as well as their spread. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. R* search 13 is a randomized version of A* search that aims to circumvent local minima by generating random successors for a state  , and then solving a series of short-range local planning problems on demand. the answer we are generating is still optimum  , thus  , it preserves the monotonicity. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. One of the receive transitions is chosen nondeterministically and the associated incoming message is returned. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. In this paper we describe the use of collective post-search browsing behavior of many users for this purpose. While these measures examine the similarity of the sets of queries received in an hour and the number of times they are entered  , they do not incorporate the relative popularity or ranking of queries within the query sets. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. A hundred trees were learnt in MLRF's random forest for each data set. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. , the representations for the English word school and the Spanish word escuela should be very similar. Denote these distances D F   , ..  , 0 2 for the robot position X . Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. , l  , 2  , 5  , 141. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. /. HyProximity suggestions were most commonly described as " really interesting " and " OI-oriented "   , while the suggestions of Random Indexing were most often characterized as " very general " . We are comparing our proposed methods with five different competitor strategies. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . Section 5.1 introduces the query types we identified for people search; in Section 5.2 we explore session types in people search and in Section 5.3 we propose different types of users of people search engines. Generally speaking  , vertical gap in between two vertically consecutive TLBIOs inside a news area is smaller than that in between a news area and its vertically adjacent non-news area. In our experiments  , we chose CHESS v0.1.30626.0 21 and SATABS v2.5 6 as two of the most widely used verification tools. gives the correlation between the different coverage types and the normalized effectiveness measurement. Other hyper-parameters for these methods were optimized through random search 41. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. The window around a boredom event was classified as 30 frames prior to the boredom rating and 90 frames after. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. Regular path expressions are used to represent substructures in the database. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. Notice that LSA representations for diierent K form a nested sequence   , which is not true for the statistical models which are expected to capture a larger variety of reasonable de- compositions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Maps have evolved over time to address scale issues  141. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. al. Pair Potentials. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. We formalized the frontier prioritization problem as a search-centric optimization problem  , where the objective is to maximize the impact of the crawled collection on the result quality of the search engine. We need to compute the correlation between the smell vectors and the air quality vectors. The definition of an ice-region is recursive through the relation composed-of  , because any ice region may contain other ice regions. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. 33. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Variants of TA have been studied for multimedia similarity search 12 ,31   , ranking query results from structured databases 1  , and distributed preference queries over heterogeneous Internet sources such as digital libraries   , restaurant reviews  , street finders  , etc. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. Many of them contain bilingual translations of proper nouns  , such as company names and personal names. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. 28 built two bipartite graphs by leveraging both click and skip information from query logs and used an optimal random walk and combination model to determine query correlations. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. As these methods do not pre-compile the queries  , they generate call loops to the DBMS which are rather inefficient. It is therefore necessary to annotate all patterns before sending the page to the client. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. The descriptor is typically a single word or phrase that is compared  , using string comparison   , to the label. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. We show further evidence for this statement in Section 4.4. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. These deviations from mean ratings are then compared for each vector component  , that is  , for each technology pair being evaluated with regard to synergetic potential. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. A third approach receiving increasing attention is to automatically establish associations between queries and documents independent of language difference 6  , 10  , 211. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. Folding-in is based on the existing latent semantic structure and hence new terms and documents have no effect on the representation of the pre-existing terms and documents. The former corresponds to method behavior of the GIL0-2 class and the latter to the GIL0-2 collaboration. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. The medical dictionary contained 67 ,000 Finnish and English entry words. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. We have included two of the highly performing methods on 2012 CCR task as baselines. Post-translation expansion and combining pre-and post-translation expansion enhance both recall and precision. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. We calculated Pearson correlation by using SPSS software. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. For preliminary findings  , the study selected 8 libraries with the highest and lowest results of accessibility and conducted the Pearson correlation test to investigate whether or not there was any association between accessibility and library funding. , with the ranks used in place of scores. Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. To estimate the effect of using 'n' Turkers  , we randomly sampled 'n' ratings for each annotation item n ∈ {1  , 40}. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. In this implementation the robots initially search the environment to find goal B by random exploration. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. Properties. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. 7 tell us the magnitude of the synchronization between synchronous development and communication activities of pairwise developers  , but they don't specify if thesynchronization is significant statistically. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. A type system based on regular expressions was studied by Tabuchi et al. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. These likely locations are reported to programmers typically at coding-time. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . If the path has no recursive nodes  , the function simply returns the cardinality of the path. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results. Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. Example constraints include " housearea ≤ lot-area " and " price ≥ 10 ,000 " . To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. While techniques have been introduced for mining sequential patterns given regular expression constraints 9 ,10  , the expression constraints in these works are best suited for matching a value pattern. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively. It can be shown 15  that the constraint maximization problem in step 6 is a concave program and therefore  , can be solved optimally and efficiently 4. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . To establish an upper bound on our experimental results  , local search on full document text 2 was also conducted. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Since the signature patterns am generated by using the random number generator  , the distribution of l's and O's within the signatures is uniform. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. CollabSeer is built based on CiteSeerX dataset. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. This indicates that an increase in the predicted value of the PREfast/PREfix defect density is accompanied by an increase in the pre-release defect density at a statistically significant level. Note that these events are not necessarily represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Heurirtic Marching: Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. Inverse kinematics is an essential element in any robotic control system and a considerable research has gone in the last decades in identifying a robust and generic solution to this problem. The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . It simply says that an obstacle can always be avoided by folding the last link into the workspace W  1   , n -1 which is free of collision by assumption. Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. Lib instances. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. , they do not include query optimization overhead. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. Table 2shows show some of the phrase sets extracted from this paper. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. Whereas a lexical search typically results in a user sequentially visiting each result in the text  , the results of a regular expression search on a DPRG are a graph that presents the information separately from its structure in the document. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. Morph considers the morphologically similar words as candidates. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. Depending on the language  , it may be possible to deduce appropriate transliterated translations automatically. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. Histograms of element occurrences  , attribute occurrences  , and their corresponding value occurrences aid in query optimization. The key elements to achieve this dynamic folding of the cloth are: appropriate deformation to fold the cloth and grasping the end of the deformed cloth. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. The sample-based representation directly facilitates the optimization of  I I  using gradient descent. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. The effect of resource quality on retrieval efficacy has received little attention in the literature. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. 2 As for coverage  , SNRS has a stable performance of around 0.7. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. In one experiment with ii queries expressed as ordinary English Questions directed at a collection of 1200 messages  , METER retrieved about seventy percent of relevant messages  , with "retrieved" meaning that a message was in the top 30 returned for a query according to estimated relevance . There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. Let S = M  , P  , C be an ec-schema. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. While the systematic techniques used sophisticated heuristics to make them more effective  , the type of random testing used for comparison is unguided random testing  , with no heuristics to guide its search. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. 5: ROC curves for the datasets a Medium b Large c All . In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. The 2003 results were hindered by the limited development time  , which meant regular expressions were only created for a small subset of question types. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Often those search keys that have only one or two translations are the most important words of a request and  , vice versa  , those keys that have many translations are unimportant words. The choice of which weight to update is made at random  , in an effort to avoid local minima in the search space  , but  The configurations usually converge well within 100 iterations . In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. This is because LSH method is data-oblivious and may lead to inefficient codes in practice as also observed in 22 and 34. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. We can make the following observations. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. Table 2shows the performance of single retrieval systems according to MAP  , NDCG  , and PRES. This may also indicate that on Instagram since the main content is image  , textual caption may not receive as much attention from the user. Tabuchi et al. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. When manifold ranking is applied to retrieval such as image retrieval  , after specifying a query by the user  , we can use the closed form or iteration scheme to compute the ranking score of each point. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. We scrutinized the cases when external knowledge did not improve query classification  , and identified three main causes for such lack of improvement. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. This suggests that head-up-down correlates with arousal. Consider the query: " Peru President  , Fujimori  , bribery scandal  , the 2000 election  , exile abroad  , impeach  , Congress of Peru "   , which is obtained based on the description field from a NTCIR-5 English-Chinese CLIR topic after stop words removal. Yet ShopBot has several limitations. As a result  , it may have false positives. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. To determine if this is a significant effect  , we correlate the first infection duration with reinfection . The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Queries are passed through cleansing steps  , such as case-folding  , stop-word elimination  , term uniquing  , and reordering of query terms in alphabetical order . The matching degree is calculated in two parts. The popular user-user similarity measures are Pearson Correlation Coefficient 4  , 5  and the vector sim- ilarity 3. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. , movie.stars.name. The system scaffolds the creation of a transformation by automatically generating initial patterns from a textual selection in source code. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. Two variants are proposed: 1 average-based regularization that targets to minimize the difference between a user's latent factors and average of that of his/her friends; 2 individual-based regularization that focuses on latent factor difference between a user and each of his/her friends. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. As stated above  , local sequential features extracted by HRM is not capable enough to model relations among apart baskets  , while a recurrent operation of a deep RNN architecture can capture global sequential features from all baskets of a user. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. the catalog group taxonomy. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. Such a mixed observation has led us to further investigate if there is any interesting correlation. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. 9c Because the large folding actually happened  , the 3D position corresponding to the shoulder node was far from the position of the model shape. , maintainability 16  , 111  , deformable objects 2  , 5  , HI  , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. One problem in judging relevance between a tweet and a linked resource is the tweet is limited to 140 characters while the resource could span thousands of characters. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. We participated in the main task of the CLIR track  , using an English query to create a single merged ranked list of English  , French  , German and Italian news stories for each of the 28 topics. auth last idf   , auth mid  , af f tf idf   , jour year dif f   , af f sof ttf idf   , mesh shared idf for RF-P ity between author's middle name are the most predictive variables for disambiguating names in Medline. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. The modifier for class R contains one real data member  , i  , and three member functions  , A  , B and C. The modifier is combined with P under the inheritance rules to get R. Data memberfloat i is a new attribute in R since is does not appear in P. Member function A that is defined in M  , is a new attribute in R since its argument list does not agree with A's argument list in P. Member function A in P is recursive in R since it is inherited unchanged from P. Thus  , R contains two member functions named A. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the semantic similarity score provided by the Ebiquity web service. Table 4  , and for project " Ivy v1.4 "   , the top four supervised classifiers experience a downgraded performance when changing from a crossproject setting to a within-project setting. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. The results are available in tab. Six of the fourteen subjects recognized that the query to be or not to be might be problematic and result in " random " results. Same comparison of the best DAMM and the best PSQ in the English-Chinese CLIR experiments confirmed this finding. The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. Ongoing research includes word sense disambiguation  , phrasal translation and thesauri enrichment. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. Regular expressions would not be able to eliminate the clutter since they are unable to " look-ahead " to provide contextual information. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. We matricize X in Mode 2 to generate matrix X 2 ∈ R l×uat . In Figure 3  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid read quorum. Table 3summarises the results of our " swap " experiments using the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese and Japanese data. The Stream Set data is extracted from the streaming API using a method based on 2. 3 Σ * AB: The last two actions taken are A and B. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. Note that Equation 5 shows the relationship between a user's visits and her topic preference vector if the user follows the topic-driven random surfer model. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. This involves collecting the data from the streaming API without any search terms  , thereby receiving a random selection. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. Say that an announced event that matches el is received . The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. These results confirm our expectation. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. We apply random walks up to a restricted number of steps. To enable this some training is typically needed. Usually  , there are other desirable properties for a path in addition to the basic requirement that it be collision-free. Third  , further work needs to be done for answering Other questions for events. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. There are two major challenges that prevent these dynamic analyses from being used. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Clearly  , the phone number conventions in US are different than in Sweden  , but also in the UK. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. Step 1: Segment the non-domain part of each URL with " / " . Providing effective navigation and search tools for digital content is an advantage of digital libraries versus conventional libraries. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. SAXException is not thrown by any of the resolvable methods in the test scenario; therefore  , the functionality being sought should throw that exception . WD " denotes the weitht decay term used to constrain the magnitude of the weights connecting each layer. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. Regular path expression. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. On average   , each query-based user profile contains 21.2 keywords  , while each browsing-based profile contains 137.4 keywords based on 15 days of behavioral data. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. However  , there are only a few papers describing machine learning approaches to question classification  , and some of them such as 17 are pessimistic. Wang et al. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. In each scenario we had 10 indexes for each team member and 55 different access combinations  , although the indexes in S4 are of different size to S1  , S2 and S3 because in S1  , S2 and S3 we can theoretically exclude everything from the collection whereas for S4 this is dependent on the query pool. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. However  , the application is completely different. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. The distribution is of the form The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. Kamali et.al. use the same families of models for both MoIR and CLIR. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. Extracting URLs using a regular expression regex is not new and the regex 5 used in a previous study 2  by the Los Alamos Hiberlink team. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. We found that the two metrics are slightly correlated Pearson r = 0.3584. 4. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. When features could not be extracted i.e. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. However  , we can still simplify the pattern by removing the parent axis check as shown in In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. Past studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Oard  , 1998; Ballesteros and Croft  , 1998. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. The above query is the query example from the introduction. The proposed CLIR system provides two different components for transforming the queries formulated by users into the final ones performed on the index. The resulting  , much smaller  , document set is then examined with a full-power regular expression parser. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. where Z = Z α Z β is a normalization factor; |V | is the set of users to whom we try to recommend friends and |C| is the candidate list for each user; θ = {α}  , {β} indicates a parameter configuration. CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. , union operators. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program  , while the Trels-based measures tScore  , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels  , manually created by us  , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. For simplicity  , we assume that the accessible test cases do not vary significantly between the testing strategies based on the all-DUs and all-edges criteria. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. , an " uninformative " prior. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. When the action to be taken is considered the first step of a longer sequence  , computing the utility function may involve motion planning  , or even game-tree search  , if reactions of other objects are taken into account. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. Some question types have up to 500 patterns. In our case , However  , the Random and IQP methods require at least 70% of queries to achieve the same Kendall-τ . Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. The likelihood function does not hit the dark shaded fields  4  , 3  and  4  , 4 . This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. However   , as the number of robot DOFs increases  , the set of assembly configurations may become factorially large and the exhaustive search becomes undesirable. shows the time needed for query planning and optimization transformation time. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Each participant was assigned to search three queries in a block with one system followed by three queries with the other system. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. Since all words share the embedding space  , semantic similarity between words may be computed both monolingually and across languages. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . This effectively pushes the embeddings for the text words and the code tokens towards each other: if wt is a word embedding and w k is a token embedding  , both with the same norm  , the logistic sigmoid in Equation 1 is maximized when w k = wt. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. For example  , the article " platform disambiguation " contains 17 meanings of the word " platform " . In a similar way  , upon our sample  , our methodology has identified two types of users: those who are privacy-concerned minority and those who belong to the pragmatic majority. Definition 5. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords  , such as genes or diseases  , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. A final perspective is offered in Table 4which shows the success rate in function of the average states per symbol κ for an expression. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. The remaining data are fed to a random forest classifier 4. A better phrase translator should not alter our conclusion that query expansion can ameliorate the errors that occur in word-by-word or phrase   , 1996. Effectively  , students accessed 53 documents from different search results lists and out of these 53  , 16 were among the top 3 documents. This indicates the higher effectiveness of CLQS in related term identification by leveraging a wide spectrum of resources. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. The latter requires a human interpreter to identify the concepts in the requests. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. To evaluate the quality of our implicit transcripts  , we collected a random sample of voice queries impressions submitted to Bing search engine during November 2014 and transcribed them implicitly. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. Qin and Henrich 2G  have pursued an AND-parallel approach which generates random subgoals and t ,hen tries to connect theni in parallel with t.he initial and final configurations. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. ShopBot relies on a combination of heuristic search  , pattern matching  , and inductive learning techniques. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. 14 generate signatures to detect HTTP-based malware e.g. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . , classes  , subclasses  , to the best of our knowledge our work is the first in exploiting such a variety of automatically extracted semantic content i.e. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. 2 To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. This category includes the Pearson-correlation based approach 4  , the vector similarity based approach 1  , and the extended generalized vector space model 3. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. The overall system's capabilities 6  , 7 1 may be summarized as follows: i ability to 'pick and place " single and multiple limp material panels without causing damage  , distortion  , deformation or folding of the material  , ii a b i l i to operate with a reliability of 2 99%  , iii ability to perform material manipulation at a rate of 2 12 paneldminute as required by the industry' with a maximum manipulation rate of about 22 panels per minute  , iv abilii to handle the entire stack or a desired number of panels in a stack of material  , and  , v abillty to handle a wide variety of limp materials such as fabric  , leather  , sheet metals etc. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. If the keywords have a large semantic gap semantic similarity<0.05  , we determine that the doorway page utilizes traffic spam techniques. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . We followed Chapelle et al. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. We observed that this optimization also helps in making the final SQL query less sensitive to input schema. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. In this experiment  , we compare our weighting scheme to two commonly used weighting schemes  , i.e. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. In order to avoid these limitations   , we chose to use a monolingual test collection for which translated queries are available  , and to base our evaluation on the largest possible number of topics. The SWORDS platform developed by Foster-Miller is already at work in Iraq and Afghanistan and is fully capable of carrying lethal weaponry M240 or M249 machine guns  , or a Barrett .50 Caliber rifle. one for each resolvent of a late bound function  , and where the total query plan is generated at start-up time of the application program. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. In TREC-9 we only participated in the English-Chinese cross-language information retrieval CLIR track. This might also depend on the difference in separability of the Qrels sets from the entire collection. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: We can thus write p f j x i t−Np:t = γ x i t−Np:t   , which leads to: The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. Based on the information collected for each of the possible location IDs  , the task requires us to construct a ranked list of attractions. Without any learning module  , Random Walk is presumably neither efficient nor effective. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. Since the evaluation of the entire ensemble is critical for the reweighting step on the next iteration  , and the previous ensemble state may be already overfitted  , the errors may be unwittingly propagated as the random forest is built  , being not robust to such high dimensional noisy data. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Generate the set of equivalent queries. In 16 Hahn et al. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. Though the proposed annotations have a simple structure  , background knowledge is complex  , and in general involves quantification  , negation  , and disjunction. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. Guyon et at 10 used Support Vector Machine methods with Recursive Fea­ ture Elimination RFE for gene selection to achieve better classification performance. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. When viewed as a specification pattern  , these rules take the form of the regular expression a + b. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. Probabilistic CLIR. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. With a 4KB page size  , retrieving a document from the disk thus requires one random seek read and a few more sequential reads. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. , MFCC and visual semantic features 15 . Tuples have two operations  , construction and element selection tuple projection  , defied on them in addition to equality based on the equalities of their constituent types algebras. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. A number of tasks are defined in TRECVID  , including shot detection  , story segmentation   , semantic feature extraction  , and information retrieval. Similar to before  , users were asked to give a rating of the usefulness of each search result on a 5-point Likert scale. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. XML Schema supports a richer notion of types than Java  , based primarily on regular expressions. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. 2 Unless otherwise specified  , we set the total number of sampled pseudo queries Q to 400  , and the average number of pseudo positive dp and negative judgments dn for each query to 10 and 20  , respectively  , keeping the ratio of positive to negative judgments at 0.5. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. Translating the query  , while preserving the weights from 1. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. Triple Pattern Matching. We implemented the accumulators for Quit and Continue as dynamic structures hash tables and when the stop criterion is as high as 10000 users  , this structure has less of an advantage over arrays. Section 3 explains query generation without using a large lexicon. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. The idea of using integrity constraints to optimize queries is not new. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Finally  , OPS examined the matching trees that emerged from the graph traversal to determine the matching subscriptions. To do this  , we split the citations of the small datasets into training and testing sets and compared the performance of models learned on the training sets to " unlearned " models whose feature weights were all set equal to the same constant " 1. " where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. Because the Shout Out dynamic calls for a back-and-forth dialog between the news-reading and comment-reading anchors  , the system needs to associate each comment with the paragraph to which it is most relevant. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . This will often be important because sparse FA is orders of magnitude faster than Pearson correlation or PD on large datasets. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . The third LS is taken from Wilensky's and Phelps article in D-Lib Magazine from July 2000 11. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. -PAR 1 is set to maxobj = 100. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. Figure 5lists the performance for our two best-performing similarity measures GBSS r=2 and GBSS r=3   , as well as for the following related approaches: 19 – Figure 5clearly shows that our approach significantly outperforms the to our knowledge most competitive related approaches  , including Wikipedia-based SSA and ESA. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. To compute Clarity for a query  , we use a query model built from the top 50 results returned by the search engine. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. Who produced the most films ? We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. These joints fold only downward  , and have a physical stop to prevent them from folding upwards. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. At search time  , the given ER query is matched in the graph and set as starting node see Section 3. Given a word w i   , the context words are the words appearing to the left or right of w i within a window of size m. We define the set of active regions A = {r  , MAIN} where MAIN is a placeholder location corresponding to the global embedding and is always included in the set of active regions. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. We tested the viability of machine learning attacks by implementing a support vector machine. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. In addition to the classical IR tasks  , cross-language IR CLIR also requires that the query or the documents 7 be translated from a language into another. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. Compared to the dictionary-based translation  , a full-scale machine translation system has the advantage in that it can reduce the translation ambiguity of a query using the context information. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. Note that the density of turns can be changed by regulating the gap widths of the valley folds  , which results in variation of the final height. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. Our basic scoring function adopted Indri's 3 language modeling approach. Datasets for both evaluations were constructed to be the same size in order to make the results comparable. The impression is borne out by correlation measures. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. In other cases words were added or omitted. While soft matching for retrieval was studied before  , this is the first time it is applied in the CQA vertical search scenario. in our data we compare: #followers  , #followees  , #posts  , #days on Twitter  , #posts per day and ownership of a personal website. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. Although in ToXin we can narrow the search by following only those label paths that match the regular expression in the query  , we still have to compute all continuous paths over them. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. APS 0.35 produces a Pearson correlation of over 0.47. , version of the operating system. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. 5 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. Although the successful inference of the real-world expressions in Section 5.1 suggests that iDRegEx is applicable in real-world scenarios  , we further test its behavior on a sizable and diverse set of regular expressions. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. Box 2 in Figure 4shows the result of the horizontal optimization. q~.0 ,~.l ,. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. , 19  , 26  , 33. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Human computation systems have become an increasingly popular platform for distributing tasks  , including search relevance judgments. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . , volume that is outside the ellipsoid  , which creates many false positives during search. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. This approach provides a more precise result type  , and the resulting expression does not require useless evaluation with respect to the type information. The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. In cases where the semantic entities has a simple form  , writing hand-crafted rules in the form of regular expressions can be sufficient for capturing entities in the source documents. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Here  , a normalized similarity of a user i y to a user j y is computed as Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. The pattern symbols are: A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. Then  , the CONNECT function generates the trajectory for object orientations  , which connects Rand to a , , , ,. It also played a large role in the TREC-8 experiments of a number of groups. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. For each configuration in our dataset we computed the values of absolute online and o✏ine metrics. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. This indicates that as long as we obtain at least one correct entity to represent a document  , our sophisticated hierarchical and transversal semantic similarity measure can compete with the state-of-the-art even for very short text. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. A comment with each of the public attributes indicates its t~  , all other inherited attributes are recursive. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. Summary. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. In this model  , Web users discover new pages simply by surfing the Web  , just following links. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . The cost of the path from the reference host  , ~  , to node ~ along a particular path  , Pk  , is represented by f~oPk. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. In order to maximize the cortical activity signal and minimize muscle-related activity and other artifactual noise  , we included only the 20 centrally located electrodes. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. ==>for$nin$sec0return typeswitch $nas$x caseSectionreturns1'children$x defaultreturn DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. Random search in such a space is hopeless. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. We apply the Lucene 3 search engine  , under its default settings  , for searching over this collection. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. , 9. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. Statistics about the remote databases are collected and maintained at II for later use by the optimizer for costing query plans. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. The weather parameters are fed to the stacked autoencoder and the reduced feature space is obtained for further classification into extreme and non-extreme events. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. Apers and is optimal  , given the existing query strategies. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. We further use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to include the merging of mono-and cross-language retrieval results  , presenting the user with one multilingual result list. The matching can fail in the case that the pattern does not appear  , e.g. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. They noted that the Janus search engine could also be used to find textual overlaps between other random texts as well. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. Experimental results on a real clickthrough data show that the method can not only cover 413 the OOV queries out of 500 queries  , but also achieve 62.2% in top-1 to 80.0% in top-5 precision. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. While function inlining has been used in the programming language community  , our function inlining differs significantly in that it inlines a structurally  recursive function with the guidance of type information. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } This is an open question and may require further research. The paper is arranged as follows. There might be two possible reasons. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. Model-based rating-oriented CF learns a model based on the observed ratings to make rating predictions. Specifically  , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. Typical random assignments of shards produce imbalances in machine load  , even when as few as four machines are in use. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. The features are listed in Table Iand extend the set proposed in 3 and 4. We also presented a method of translation selection based on the cohesion among translation words. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. In order to do that  , we collected list of cities  , list of states  , and list of countries. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Our TREC-8 results show that post-retrieval merging of retrieval results can outperform preretrieval merging of multilingual data collections. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. Furthermore  , Figure 5cshows that for query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having the same click pattern in our case  , no clicks the subspaces of sr are even better separated by ranks. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. Intuitively  , when the result ranking is poor  , the users are expected to spend more time reading Table 2: Pearson correlation between viewing time and whole page relevance. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. However  , the accuracy ACC still remains as high as 82%. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Note that by exploring the low rank property  , the optimization problem is not convex. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: section 2 discusses the approach for computing alignments. Metrics. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. , array of floating point values. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. A new data attribute is tested during integration testing when it is integrated into GR by testing A with member functions with which it interacts. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Finally  , our best run has achieved the mAP mean average precision of 0.3869  , which is about the same as the best result at that time. Figure 3shows the accuracy on S500 data  , as the trees were grown in the random forest. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. All the possible axes were permitted except ancestor  , ancestor-self  , following and preceding. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. To capture the relevance of item t to the query  , we use some TF/IDF-based features extracted from the top k search results  , D. For example  , snippetDF is the number of snippets in top k search results that contain item t. snippetDF and other frequency-based features are normalized using logf requency + 1. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation. , A relevant document will contain". states from which no final states can be reached. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. This situation is very similar to some cases observed in TREC5&6  , where we encountered the terms such as " most-favor nation "  The correct translations are available since NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks provide both English and Chinese topics at the same time. Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. There are nonredundant questions in top-5 positions of the re-ranked list. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. , Pearson correlation with true AP. The idea behind the proposed methodology is to exploit structural similarities observed among the different monolingual projections computed with MDS to identify possible correspondences among new multilingual documents. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. A method for constructing the HSS  , a scale and viewing angle robust feature vector that encapsulates these interperson variations  , was presented. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. They do not  , however  , further pursue this aspect. The measure value is given by the following equation: We measured the effectiveness of our techniques in terms of average retrieval precision which was computed using the standard 11 recall-point measurement for TREC. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. We assume the reader is familiar with the basic notions pertaining to datalog programs 4  , 14. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. We now define its semantics. 4A simple DF*ICF database selection method performs as well as the CORI method. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. The fifth column C-o presents the copyright owner  , which has five values: library Lib  , individual Ind  , organization Org  , vary and public domain P-d. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. The collection of queries is a random sample of fully-anonymized queries in English submitted by Web users in 2006. Many command arguments are names of files. , 7 and 11. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. To determine the performance of the proposed approach when applied to CLIR  , we have conducted extensive experiments including the experiments with the NTCIR-2 English-Chinese IR task. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. Students and professionals were treated separately. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. We restrict our evaluation to top 10 documents in this paper. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. A path expression of type s  , d  , P Es  , d  , is a triple s  , d  , R  , where R is a regular expression over the set of labeled edges Γ ,EG defined using the standard operators union∪  , concatenation and closure *  such that the language LR of R represents paths from s to d where s  , d ∈ VG. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. Subgrouping may occur based on the group's task  , position within the swarm  , entity size  , role or a combination of factors. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . Despite this fact  , we can achieve a high precision value of 0.82. The technique is also known as φ-folding 36   , a compiler optimization technique that collapses simple diamond-shaped structures in the CFG. It is instructive to formulate an expression for the upper bound on search repository quality. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. We here discuss the design implications of our initial observations of the HCW prototype. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. Another possible solution to the problem of translation ambiguity is by using word sense disambiguation. Like RPQs  , all SRPQs are defined by a regular expression R over Σ. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. However  , given the rapid growth in Web usage  , it is now possible to leverage the collective browsing behavior of many users as an improvement over random or directed traversals of the Web graph. This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. A pseudo-random approach was used to insure that all topic and system order effects were nullified. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. As an output  , our model produces not only test.predictions  , but  , also  , train.predictions  , which maybe used for smoothing similar to 4. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. In the context of deductive databases. after query expansion. Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. 2014. This is difficult and expensive . A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. 1 It can acquire translations for some out of vocabulary OOV queries without any need for crawling web pages. None of the classical methods perform as well. Given two sets of terms x and y  , we measure their co-existence level by In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. tasks. In the rest of this section we give an overview of how our approach automatically detects this vulnerability and generates the sanitization statement. With the kernels  , the related function that we need to optimize is given by , In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. According to this construction when we compute this average  , the precision of a document visited k times will contribute to the mean with a k/n weight. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. A possible explanation to this is that the users on Twitter use it as a news source to read informative tweets but not necessarily all of the content that is read will be " liked " . If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. Two novel methods that were explored relied on the notions of modularity and just-in-time sub-grammar extraction. We discuss related work and future directions for this research in Section 5 and Section 6  , respectively. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. In fact  , dictionary is a carrier of knowledge expression and storage  , which involves almost all information about vocabulary  , namely static information. For this task  , we can use all features preceding the onset and also the features of the onset itself  , such as the condition type e.g. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. We can use R. F. to denote the baseline  , which adjust the parameter of a BF by optimizing false positive and search query terms in a random order. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. , 7  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC is defined as the basis for the weights 4. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. The results  , shown in Figure 10  , indicate very good range search performance for query selectivities greater than 0.5%  , and sufficiently good even at smaller query selectivities. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the necessity of translating query terms  , which might differ from one term to another. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24 ,58% +23 ,14% +41 ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. The likelihood function for the t observations is: The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. As proper names and technical terms are very important in many information retrieval queries  , for dictionary-based CLIR between Japanese and English  , it is imperative that foreign words be properly transliterated into and out of katakana. We form such feature vectors for all synonymous word-pairs positive training examples as well as for non-synonymous word-pairs negative training examples. For each pair of objects  , there were 500 different cases obtained by locating randomly these objects both random translations and rotations. 1. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. Since questions are typically one sentence long and contain fewer words than answers  , we only apply pruning on answer passages. However  , recent studies show that CLIR results can be better than monolingual retrieval results 24. As a result  , we don't give confidence intervals in this paper. It is evident from this table that  , both DO and HSA  , are the most efficient metrics to compute compared to MAP and perplexity. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Let R be the set of points in the query result. , w |N d | }  , where |N d | denotes the length of the document d expressed by the number of word tokens. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. The approach of simultaneous query optimization will lead to each such plan being generated exactly once for all the queries optimized together. The weight function of a chess piece i.e. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. We conducted experiments with the following additional multi-class classification approaches see 21  for more information about the methods: 32 have shown superb performance in binary classification tasks. Consequently we introduced a user mode which helps limit the number of options shown  , given a particular mode. Therefore  , the MLE was determined to be unsuitable for RCG parameter esti- mation. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. There are two possibilities for such a general solution tech- nique. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. Learning scheme. Patient demography identification task identifies patient's age and gender indicated within the visit. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. Nevertheless  , some queries require data materialization and/or blocking. In three dimensions  , there exist open and closed chains that can lock 4  , 5  , while  , in dimensions higher than three  , nei­ ther open nor closed chains can lock 6. We conducted experiments to compare the performance of Simrank  , evidence-based Simrank and weighted Simrank as techniques for query rewriting. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Bilingual dictionaries have been used in several CLIR experiments. By using the proposed model  , the trajectory of the robot system can be algebraically obtained when an arbitrary cloth configuration is given. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. Furthermore  , it provides the aforementioned local shape representation. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. where the conflict rate is most significant. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. , this is an exhaustive search not random testing. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. If there exists an instance with the same name  , the user can tell whether the newfound name refers to an existing instance or to a new one. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. A typical CNN has one or more convolutional/max pooling layer pairs followed by one or more fully connected layers  , and finally a softmax layer. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. , regex corresponds to a regular expression. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Its crawling strategy is based on the intuition that relevant pages on the topic likely contain links to other pages on the same topic. It enables Semantic Search to provide richer results as the Semantic Web grows  , but also makes the system more susceptible to spam and irrelevant information. The third problem  , the coverage of dictionaries is not a linguistic problem and is in principle the same for all languages. N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. The former group of methods can be divided into those that exploit query co-occurrences in the search logs  , and those that leverage the document click information such as random walks over query-document bipartite graphs. , it makes random choices  , each run converges to the same value for the objective function due to the reason that the selected termination criteria are sufficient. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. In our study  , we assumed that the data type and data range were similar to a tag that expresses the same meaning. where Wuv is the Pearson correlation between user u and user v  , and k is the number of neighbours. Our experiments of CLIR on TREC Chinese collections show that models using larger and more specific unit of translation are always better  , if the models can be well trained  , because more specific models could model more information. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. l Comments represent a candidate items. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. Though this topic modeling approach is more theoretically motivated  , it does not have the flexibility of adding different features to capture different aspects such as query relevance. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist  , too. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing Moldovan  , D. et al. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ. The second component  , central server identification  , aggregates individual drive-by download samples which form MDNs and then identifies the central servers. The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. In this work nodes and edges of the page graph are assigned weights using both query-dependent and independent factors see 5. We also computed the Pearson coefficient r between the average forecast error rates of the top five QAC suggestions and the final ρ and MRR values computed for those rankings . The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. We find that for all style dimensions none of these features correlate strongly with stylistic influence; the largest positive Pearson correlation coefficient obtained was 0.15 between #followees and stylistic influence on 1st pron. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. It has been shown that the ability to execute this volume of queries allows the error rates of evaluation measures to be examined 2. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. the input threshold. We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. , laser range measurements  , the parameter likelihood function involves the definition of a sensor model. Many of the suggestions  , particularly those beyond the top 10  , were more relevant to an Italian restaurant rather than a Thai restaurant. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. swim is a code generator whose input is a natural language query in English  , such as " match regular expression " or " read text file "   , i.e. Reliability  , availability  , and fault tolerance were identified as primary concerns for the flight control systems of both the Airbus and Boeing. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. As of today  , the index quality of catalogues in scientific libraries is deplorable: Large parts of the inventory are not indexed and will probably never be  , since manual indexing is a time-consuming and thus expensive task. Agents can either locally try to find nodes that have been least visited or search for some random area in the environment. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions.  Neural Responding Machine. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. We tested per-user averaging on this dataset as well and it was 2% less accurate. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. Where item similarity s i im  , i b  can be approximated by the cosine measure or Pearson correlation 11  , 15. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. Two aspects of the new system can be underlined: the features are extracted without needing a specific key-pass phase  , and these extracted features belong to three different domains: time  , frequency  , and time-frequency more details about them in 1. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. When evaluating answers for each question type  , we determine whether changing " or " or " and " retrieves any sentences  , and allow this most restrictive screen if it returns any sentences. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer  , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. In order to minimize experimenter bias during the selection of photos for the Search Task  , we had a computer randomly select the photos from each subject's collection. where N u denotes the friends of user u. Following TREC-8  , the venue for European-language retrieval evaluation moved to Europe with the creation of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF  , first held in Lisbon in September 2000 1. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. Figure 2: Query to find cities connected by sequences of flights with at most two airlines. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. We refer the readers to the paper in 1 for details. Answering this question is not easy in practice  , because we cannot prevent users from using search engines in order to observe the popularity evolution when search engines do not exist. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. An aspect in AB is defined as a pair consisting of a pattern a grep-like regular expression and a color. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Interestingly  , the subspace corresponding to query sessions containing no clicks on the first six documents d = 0 has a larger overlap with the subspace corresponding to query sessions containing a click on the second position d = 5 than with the subspace corresponding to query sessions containing a click on the first position d = 6. Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Two variations of this stream were implemented  , Web Pattern Matching and Collection Pattern Matching. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. 5. A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: Without the users the method would merely be a theory. The total number of randomly inserted citations in the full dataset reached almost 4.3 million. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. Instead of that approach  , domain experts check the correctness and summaries the rules where mistakes happen. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. In this section we introduce and discuss the results we obtained during the evaluation of the above mentioned predictors . Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. likelihood function. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. , setting aside the results of the Ad Hoc Pool  , we obtain a Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient of 0.927 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.577  , 0.989. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. During horizontal transformation sum_byBA and mergeA are combined by operator L. To translate their combination into an iterative program during vertical transformation  , we generate the new function sum-mergeB ,A which performs merging and aggregation si- multaneously. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. In this work  , we showed theoretical bounds on the number of fingers needed to grasp and fold string into knots  , while ensuring that the string is held tautly in a polygonal arc. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. The second is LTR's Random Forest LTR-RF. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Mukhopadyay et al. Within the WSMT we cater for such users and provide them with additional features including syntax highlighting  , syntax completion  , in line error notification  , content folding and bracket highlighting. From these configurations  , " rays " are s h o t . Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. A device fingerprint is a set of system attributes that are usually combined in the form of a string. For nugget extraction  , we maintain sentences as the text unit. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . This likelihood function assures a combined matching of model's structure and visual appearance. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. 4 i.e. Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. Variations of the approach can be applied to many other applications such as social search and blog search. The proposed method is able to standardize the language used in topics and visits based on UMLS 1 and translate them into a language based on semantic codes provided by the thesaurus. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. Christensen et al. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. A natural example of such a query is searching for catalog items by price and description. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. The topic creation and results assessment sites for TREC-8 were: Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. If the object is not found in the image  , however  , the Search behavior is activated. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. For all other uses  , contact the owner/authors. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. Section 6 presents experimental results and Section 7 compares the presented CLIR method to other statistical approaches found in the literature . Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. There are many promising future directions. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . The idea of automatically detecting local minima and guiding the search away from them has been explored in the past. Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity for all queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. Many snippets neither indicate similarity nor difference  , but merely mention a pair of products  , for example asking how they compare. Gold 9  showed that the problem of inferring a DFA of minimum size from positive examples is NP-complete. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. 2 Newton Method: The Newton method uses the second order properties of the log-likelihood function to compute descent direction. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. , recursive function calls  , we follow the cycle until the annotations stabilize. The second author then revealed the actual changes and the black-box testing results. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. , name is the name of a user class as specified with the classifiers  , for instance  , a userAgent  , while the second part i.e. We try to find the answer from the sentence list returned without a match by the pattern matching step. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. Currently  , we support two join implementations: The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. Second  , it offers a principled way of tuning the degree of dictionary coverage to optimize the retrieval effectiveness. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. Note that different authors may share the same name either as full names or as initials and last names. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. , fragment-replicate joins 26  , are inapplicable in our scenario. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. We also use the gradient clipping technique 28  to alleviate the exploding gradient prob- lem 2 we set the value of the threshold = 1. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. We found a positive correlation between the expected level of emotional intelligence and agreement for robots using the honorific r=.358  , n=165  , p<0.01  , and knowing how to bow r=.435  , n=164  , p<0.01. The test MRDs were not used in this phase. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. 29 further proposed models that can be trained on large scale datasets and extended the vector representations to phrases 30. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. Creating this distance metric is the focus of this paper. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Having identified a set of constraints The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. It uses a data model where walks are the basic objects. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Trees are trained on the resulting 3 √ m features and classification is by majority vote. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. Central to most item-oriented approaches is a similarity measure between items  , where s ij denotes the similarity of i and j. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. This is favorably comparable to the best effectiveness achieved in the previous Chinese TREC experiments. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Combming pre-and posttranslation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. , 2010. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. This is not surprising  , as a high second-order proximity implies that two words can be replaced in the same context  , which is a stronger indicator of similar semantics than first-order co-occurrences. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. Section 2 provides an overview of BP-Mon  , and Section 3 briefly describes the underlying formal model. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. However  , according to Figures 1g and 1 e  we can see that when comparing averaged values the behaviour of the contribution metric is not random  , instead it is clearly correlated with citation counts. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR systems seek to identify pertinent information in a collection of documents containing material in languages other than the one in which the user articulated her query. According to this measure  , reciprocal election outperforms folding and maxmin. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. , maintainability 3  , 81   , deformable ob- jects 2  , 13   , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. A set of 275 random English address queries  , both structured and unstructured  , covering geographic regions from the United States and India were collected from users and user location search query logs. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Such operator sharing is even the cornerstone of the Q-Pipe architecture 14. This category includes the Pearson-correlation coefficient approach 2 and the vector space similarity approach 1. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. The conjunctivequery approach to pattern matching allows for an efficiently checkable notion of frequency  , whereas in the subgraph-based approach  , determining whether a pattern is frequent is NP-complete in that approach the frequency of a pattern is the maximal number of disjoint subgraphs isomorphic to the pattern 20. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. It speeds up the matching and significantly increases the detection speed of IDS. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. In Sect. , we merged collections of English  , French  , German  , and Italian documents into a single multilingual data collection  , and indexed the multilingual collection. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . CLEF 2007 is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgements. The work in the reported paper is related to several fields ranging from VoID data generation 5 ,4  , semantic indexing 18  , graph importance measures 20 ,12  , and topic relevance assessment 8 ,9 address similar problems. Figure 2shows that the optimization cost of all three queries is comparable  , although Q 2 has a noticeably lower optimization cost. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. In the study  , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. – automatic audio annotations coming from emotional states recognition for example fear  , neutral  , anger. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment  , thresholded versions of those features  , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. Both steps rely primarily on checking for the existence of positive patterns and verifying the absence of negative patterns Figure 2and 3. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. Every inconsistently judged duplicate can be seen as a random element within the set of relevance judgments  , and will have the same value as random data when used in evaluation. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. Think of a tool that marks up dates. 16 study how to estimate selectivity of fuzzy string predicates. Search tool order was counterbalanced across educational tasks; tasks were presented in a random  , but fixed  , order. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. Further  , we also improve on their solution. Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. This suggests that probabilistic models are translation tools that are as valuable as MT systems for the CLIR purposes. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. The softmax distribution has several important properties. In the learning-to-rank approach  , we additionally have the following prefix-global features cf. The roots of these trees  , surrounding the moved obstacle  , indicate where the forest is split. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. On SemSearch ES  , ListSearch and INEX-LD  , where the queries are keyword queries like 'Charles Darwin'  , LeToR methods show significant improvements over FSDM. Using the same window size w  , the token fragment S surrounding the <SCH_TERM> is retrieved: The matching degree of the test sentence to the generalized definition patterns is measured by the similarity between the vector S and the virtual soft pattern vector Pa. I are presented along with an exhaustive search  , in Figure 8and table 1. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. For example  , " violation " in query #56 is translated to the more common " " rather than " -- " . This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. This time  , we draw the scatter plot between the JRFL predicted ranking scores and CTRs on the same set of URLs as shown in Figure 2. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. However  , we have observed that some function classes in XQuery would be inlined more systematically under the guidance of type information. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. Based on the above mentioned three factors  , the relevance score of resource a for keywords K is computed by First  , N Ra  , ki is the normalized Ra  , ki in the range 0  , 1  , which reflects the the number of meaningful semantic path instances. We first study how to support efficient random access for fuzzy type-ahead search. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. These are chosen at random  , unless any specific metric is given  , and have been shown to support users in their search 5. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. Contemporary visions of how robots will be used in daily life include many situations in which people interact and share their space with not only one  , but multiple  , robots. The random selection was carried out 10 times independently  , and we report the average results. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR needs to jointly optimize the tasks of translation and retrieval  , however   , it is standardly approached with a focus on one aspect. The use of keywords limits the search to files that might be relevant. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. Our empirical evaluation shows that the method produces feasible  , high quality grasps from random and heuristic initializations. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. 7  , each supervisor $ E must ensure that: a $s = admissible if state s is semi-chained  , and b if $s = admissible then there exists a semi-chained state s' E Rs  , $. For example  , if we take a random set of words out of a book  , we are working in the space of all strings over a certain alphabet  , but in this particular case we are much more likely to encounter some strings  , like " the "   , than others  , like " xyzzy " . In this paper  , we simultaneously address grasp prediction and retrieval of latent global object properties. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Fig.4shows the situation of eye movement detection. When the search reaches a local minimum in terms of function P  , a preset number of random walks  , each of which is followed by a gradient motion  , are performed to escape the local minimum. Simultaneously  , the Razumikhin function is also used to prove the stability of the time-delay systems due to the com­ plicated construction of the functional . , which implies the theorem immediately. This behavior indicates that selective search is more stable at the top of the ranking. Random wa l k i s a n a p p r o ximation technique of searching only a portion of the reachable nodes on the execution tree. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. The random walk as defined does not converge to the uniform distribution. Many projects have already demonstrated substantial success in applying this idea to crowdsourcing settings; this applies most prominently for games-with-a purpose GWAPs 27  , which build a game narrative around human computation tasks such as image labeling 26  , protein folding  , 5 or language translation. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. To eliminate outliers and potential noise  , we only consider ages for which we have at least 100 observations. XTract 25  , 36 generates candidate regular expressions for each element name selecting the best one using the Minimum Description Length MDL principle. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The basic idea is to produce an accurate ranking function by combining many " weak " learners. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. These successes sparked a flurry of activity in which P R M motion planning techniques were applied to a number of challenging problems arising in a variety of fields including robotics e.g. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. In this case  , the correspondence between a tree and the query is 4-valued  " t "   , " p "   , " pft  , " f. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Using service descriptions provides a powerful way to dynamically add and remove endpoints to the query engine in a manner that is completely transparent to the user. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , Retrieval effectiveness is commonly measured using either average precision across a series of recall values or at a fixed rank. The developer now has a concrete location in the code from which to consider the change task. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. eClassOWL 6. We expect better results when the initial concept recognition is more complete. A document to n-gram index allows finding all ngrams that occur in a search result a list of documents. the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. It is striking that B is orders of magnitude larger than the number of known relevant documents. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. , president will be an answer. As a result of age identification  , 9185 visits were classified as adult  , 5747 as elder  , 581 as teen  , 273 as child  , and 3248 had no age information. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. These clauses are well-defined provided the negation operator is not used in front of recursive predicates. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. In this example  , the subject is 101 characters from the answer  , and thus the match is accepted. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20.