This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work  , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. Utility is a unifying  , if sometimes implicit  , concept in economics IO  , game theory 17  , and operations research 121  , as well as multi-robot coordination see The idea is that each individual can somehow internally estimate the value or the cost of executing an action. As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. The presented results are preliminary. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. To overcome these modeling difficulties  , we performed system identification on the manipulator to determine an accurate transfer function for free and constrained motions. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. Problems arising in the ICT industry  , such as resource or quality of service allocation problems  , pricing  , and load shedding  , can not be handled with classical optimization approaches. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . In addition to methods discussed in this paper — frequent sets  , ICA  , NMF and PLSA — there are others suitable for binary observations . Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. As shown in fig.8  , the method of the force controller design based on the frequency characteristics using the impedance parameters is effective for the suppression of the disturbance. We show that  , unfortunately  , there exist non-convex polygonal parts that despite asymmetry cannot be fed using inside-out pull actions. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: As there is an intersection of the plot with the negative real axis  , the method of the describing function predicts the oscillation. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. Modifying and debugging BSD quicksort is nontrivial. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. In this section  , we address the control problem of active vibration canceling of CDPR with light and flexible wires in the modal space. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. Also in terms of the evolution facet  , a service design needs to be evaluated at a more specific level. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. Regular path expression. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Allowing Variables. In the context of deductive databases. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. The developed ER damper is attached to the arm joint. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Due to the simplicity of the flotor dynamics  , a n y proper  , stable  , real-rational transfer function can be obtained from the desired acceleration a  , to the actual acceleration a of the flotor of course  , there will be limits on achievable performance due to plant uncertainty  , actuator saturation  , etc. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Regular expression inference. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. The force error is predictable from the transfer function. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. A momentary switch is mounted-on the side of the handlebar. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Model Parameters. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. The two are related quantities with different focuses. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. Solving these technical challenges and finding a unified and automated way to discover the individual evolution graphs is left for future work. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Finally  , we have shown how this framework implements service containers to enable scalable deployment. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. A permutation expression is such an example. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. Typically  , each axis will have its own servo controller to allow it to track reference inputs. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. Viterbi recognizer search. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. Summary. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. However  , it takes long time to recognize landmark. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability.  the autocorrelation of the signal. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. states from which no final states can be reached. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. An artificial ear for the auditory system would affect the spectral characteristics of sound signals. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. Definition 2. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. Protein Folding. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. the terms or concepts in question. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Groups of changes of one request are maintained in a linked list using the HAS PREVIOUSCHANGE property. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. The human operator exerts a velocity step. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . Fitting the Rated Clicks Model to predict click probabilities on the original lower results yields similar results. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. Space asks the user to define this mapping. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. Second  , using clickthrough data for model training by extending PLSA to BLTM  , leads to a significant improvement Rows 4 and 5 vs. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. The evaluation is given every 1 second. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. We first analyze the possible configurations of the finger with respect to the part. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. for sequencing have their usual meaning. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. We case-fold in our experiments. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. Thus  , the signal uzpet and the repetitive control input urep are stored in memory and used after one period M . This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. On the other hand  , we are a priori not interested in an entire flow of execution and such tricky issues as mutual exclusion or repetition. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. for some nonnegative function T . Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. Here the upper indices index the node layer  , and the lower indices index the nodes within each corresponding layer. 17  , are shown in Fig 5. For each input-output pair  , Golubev method is applied to derive directly a rational transfer function. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function The capacitor's recommended value is given as 0.022 uF. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. A digitized mono audio stream can be convoluted with an artificial HRTF to create a stereo audio stream that reproduces the timing  , frequency and spectral effects of a genuine spatial sound source. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. For an environment depicted in Fig. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. In the following chapters we will introduce various evolution strategies to maintain the structural  , logical and user-defined consistency of an ontology. To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. We now define its semantics. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. A single cost function has to be found that combines the costs of dgebraic operations and the transfer of data between subsequent operations in a unique fashion. They defined an observability index  , e.g. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. As a first example consider the subsequent obvious specification of quicksort with conditional equations. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . The experimental setup is shown in Fig. syntactic and semantic information . Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. the characteristic equation becomes f1s=s 2 +KPs+KI. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. The interaural transfer function ITF ˆ I is defined by the ratio between the left-and right-HRTF: The HRTFs are mainly determined by the shape of the head  , pinna and torso of the listener  , e.g  , the robot-mounted dummy-head in our case. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. Learning. Results for this example system have sliowii that  , practically speaking  , a n y class of desired hacking trajectory t.hat. Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. The service activation and execution function report costs only when the execution site referred in the grounding parameter of the functions is the current execution site. As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Typical full-text indexing e.g. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In this example  , the impedance up to the saturation frequency  , w , ,  , is significantly reduced. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. First  , the compensating signal which counterbalances the influence of friction force and parameter change is generated using an idea of disturbance observer . For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. In addition  , complete identification of the system transfer function is not needed; it suffices to estimate the varying parameters. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. However  , since participation is symmetric in δ ctxt   , we use its absolute value. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. Link type specific evolution dependency  , as it is discussed in section 3.4  , is captured by link type specific strategies. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . This work is structured as follows. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . The function of the mapping transitions is to transfer the token' s color c  , to a predefmed color cz  , i.e. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Since the advertiser's strategy is semi-myopic  , at any time step  , the bid should fetch him a non-negative expected profit for the rest of the phase. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Then  , further simulations were performed. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. However  , best-first search also has some problems. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. As described previously  , elementary changes may cause new changes to be introduced by the evolution strategy in order to keep the ontology consistent – such dependencies may be represented using the CAUSECHANGE property . This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. The closed loop frequency response is shown in figure 7. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. We derive a transfer function for the pulling feeder for convex polygonal parts  , i.e. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. Table 3shows these results. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. Initialization. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. However  , there is no step response experiment for the fuel mass measurements from sensor WIA 2. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. We will call this type of reward function sparse. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. It requires a model of the robot+camera transfer function  , which is computed using I  , The controller is a generalized predictive controller that is described in section III. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. The softmax distribution has several important properties. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. The cut off frequency of the LPF is much lower than the resonance frequency of the In general  , the transfer function of a multilayer piezo is represented by the second order system. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Here we use breadth-first search. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling.  Define within the functional specification determined areas for change and evolution  , and agree with marketing and sales. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. As discussed in Section 1  , the other important measure of hand controller performance is its achievable stiffness  , which is provided by a position control loop with transfer function T  , between sensed position Xs and actuator force Fa. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. make the response of the motor position much faster than the response of the tip position control loop outer loop in Figure 1. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. If it has the leading position in the target market  , the organization usually takes the initiative in SPL evolution and prefers a proactive strategy. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points.