In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. Due to ambiguity in natural language  , the top returned results may not be related to the current search session. For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. , slightly lower fitness value. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. – Query expansion: The query expansion consists in the generation of variations of the user's query. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. The similarity scheme is more complex  , requiring some IR machinery in order to measure the cosine similarity between the examined results and the term vectors induced from the Trels. We conduct experiments on three real-world datasets for cross-modal similarity search to verify the effectiveness of LSSH. However  , the TVRC framework is flexible enough that it can be used with other statistical relational models e.g. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. Figure I visualises the results. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. Figure 1shows the log-likelihood and AIC values for all possible dimensionalities on three standard test collections. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. We envision three lines of future research. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. If the impact is less significant  , then the difference between the original and re-test result may be not so noticeable  , as shown in the Page Blocks dataset. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. Thus the E-step remains the same. In contrast  , implementations on PLSA discuss 50 ,000 by 8 ,000 term-doc matrices  , and execute in about half an hour1. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. Long queries use title  , description and narrative. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. Moreover  , personalization of music similarity can be easily enabled in related applications  , where end users with certain information needs in a particular context are able to specify their desirable dimensions to retrieve similar music items. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. For the domain-specific query expansion  , only 36 queries were expanded. The key characteristics of this run is the 10 minute time limit imposed on topic expansion. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. , until a complete plan for the query has been chosen. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. The key contributions of our work are: , metalinks are " meta " relationships. The performance of the AI approaches depends on how much problem-specific knowledge is acquired and to what extent expert knowledge is available for a specific problem. function based on this metric to zero. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. The DDIS group in Zurich 7 initiates the structure similar measure in ontology and workflows from the Web using their SimPack package. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. Organization: We discuss related work in Section 2. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. There has been a lot of successful use of Q learning on a single robot. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. are free of aT  , a u k k f z means of %'-configuration vectors. The hypothesis we investigate by comparing these two clarification forms is whether short contextual environments in the form of snippets around the suggested query expansion terms help users in selecting query expansion terms. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. After retrieval with the baseline system of section 2.2  , we experiment with two versions of Wikipedia-based query expansion. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. After the first stage of pLSA learning  , a document di can be described in terms of semantic features P z k |di as well as word features ndi  , wj. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. In our future work  , we will compare Random Forest to simpler classifiers. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. Other cases where query expansion helps include the query " depletion or destruction of the rain forest affected the worlds weather " . 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. In the next sections describing our runs  , we will use the following terminology. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. And 30 times reproduction is carried out. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. Thus  , the ecectllion space consists of the space of all join trees* for each equivalent query obtainrtl from Step 1 of optimization Section 4. f f r e q rulesets classify connections in order of increasing frequency followed by normal  , with a default clasrithm that updates the stored sequences and used data from UNIX shell commands. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. , the number of parameters that need to be estimated grows proportionally with the size of the training set. None of the classical methods perform as well. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. This application of expansion strategy aims to achieve high precision and moderate recall. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. To summarize  , S-PLSA + works as follows. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. In contrast  , dynamic techniques tend to be more practical in terms of applicability to arbitrary programs and often seem to provide useful information despite their inherent unsoundness. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. where the optimization of ǫ and σ can be effectively solved via a gradient-based optimizer. We use oddnumbered topics 800–850 from the Terabyte track for training . For ICTNETVS1  , they calculated a term frequency based similarity score between queries and verticals. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. Dynamic world model information is represented in an unified form of objectlattributelvalue description. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. Future work is to experiment with other heuristics like the Dubins car model. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. Assume we have two samples of diversification results in terms of α-nDCG@20. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The idea of dynamic programming has been used in find the optimal path of a vehicle on a terrain by including the consideration of forhidden region and the slope. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3  , CQA : 0.7}  , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability  , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. The similarity between this task and the previous one is that in both cases searchers have an information need. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. The initial inter-beat length is estimated by taking the autocorrelation over the detected onsets. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA  , K  , and the orders of the ARSA model  , p and q. This paper has three primary contributions. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. This report describes the the query expansion methods that we explored as part of TREC 2008. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. We experimented with query expansion for first stage retrieval but experienced a slight drop in the results. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Additional controls support conditional flow  , dynamic type checking  , synchronisation  , iteration etc. Section 2 provides a brief review of related work. Learning. In the experimental paradigm assumed in this paper  , each retrieval strategy to be compared produces a ranked list of documents for each topic in a test collection  , where the list is ordered by decreasing likelihood that the document should be retrieved for that topic. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. 's simulated annealing solver. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. , by interacting with the environment. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. Also  , calls to SAPI functions from the AM extension execute as regular C function calls within the server address space  , so there is no need to " ship " the currently active page to the AM extension; copy overhead is therefore avoided. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. Since traditional active learning approaches cannot directly applied to query selection in ranking  , we compare it with random query selection denoted by Random-Q used in practice. In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . For the same reason as MDLP  , we denote the goodness function of a given contingency table based on AIC and BIC as follows: The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. They showed that the resulting model is more accurate than its generative counterpart. Person.name. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. This accomplishes one of our goals of involving time information to improve today's search engine. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. A* is efficient because it continues those trajectories that appear to have the smallest total cost. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. 5  , 39. Convergence usually took around 70 steps. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. in the collision regions are found by selecting the configurations with locally minimum potential on MO. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. Let a and e be an acronym and a query  , respectively. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. The above updates in QA-learning cannot be made as long as future rewards are not known. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. As a result  , in terms of one tSk  , 2 N leaf nodes are generated and correspond t o tentative states. The reason for this is that no real definition of protein similarity exists; each scientist has a different idea of similarity depending on the protein structure and search outcome goal. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The evaluation is given every 1 second. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. In Real-time Adhoc task  , 60 queries are tested and four runs are submitted with different query expansions and different learning-to-rank methods. Tfidf query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN1  , and concurrency frequency query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN2. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. Second  , Space uses the mapping defined by the user to specialize each exposure's constraints to the objects constrained by the catalog. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. We summarize each topic θ with terms having the highest pw|θ. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. The results are consistent with those previously reported on the TREC collections 32. The penalty term has a factor 1 + r e   , where r e is the ratio of documents that belong to event e. If the ratio r e for a specific event is high  , it will receive a stronger penalty in the size of its spatial and temporal deviations   , causing these variances to be restricted. Figures 1 and 2 demonstrate the classification performance of OTM and other baseline models. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. Smyth 23 suggested that click-through data from users in the same " search community " e.g. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. 21  which performs joint topic and sentiment modeling of collections . By using the Pascal-like programming language LAP :0 Logic f Actions for Programming  , we formal­ ize the controller specification. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. A distinct property of patent files is that all patents are assigned International Patent Classification IPC codes that can be exploited to calculate the similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents in prior art search. Fuzzy object representations  , also denoted simply as fuzzy objects   , occur in many different application ranges. A selection submodule is responsible for using the computed measures to recommend a small set of nearest neighbours to an arti- fact. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. JQe apply the proposed method t o a simplified soccer game including two mobile robots Figure 5. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. We can see that the asymmetric estimator works well when cosine similarity is close to 1  , but degrades badly when smaller than 0. 3 or Eqn. After performing topic-bridged PLSA  , we can exploit training data and test data simultaneously. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. , N -1  , for a positive integer The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. In addition   , the importance of the original query concepts is maintained after query expansion by using a geometric progression to normalize the contributed of the expansion terms. Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. Various programming logics have been used  , such as Hoare Logic  101  , Dynamic Logic 4  , and Boyer-Moore Logic 23. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. 5. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. To overcome the third problem we can give greater importance to the last steps by increasing the rate of E changing. The implementation of the cost-based placement strategy is integrated with the planning phase of the optimizer. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. Search quality is measured by recall. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. 2. Histograms of element occurrences  , attribute occurrences  , and their corresponding value occurrences aid in query optimization. Optimal bucket boundary can be reported by additional bookkeeping  , Lines 8–15 are the dynamic programming part: We compute OP T j  , b according to the recurrence equation Equation 3. Note that  , although we reformulate queries only for pattern search  , the structural similarity search produces results that are comparable with the results of well-formulated pattern queries. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. 2007 10 use search engines to get the semantic relatedness between words. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. In this paper  , we propose a novel query expansion method based on social annotations which are used as the resource of expansion terms. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. Recall from the previous example that the dynamic programming solution for region e  , 11 is not optimal because it is not capable of picking a combination of rows and columns i.e. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. The use of style classes Section 7. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. For example RF_all_13_13 stands for Random Forest using all features  , trained on 2013 and applied on 2013 9 . The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. Meanwhile. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! The indexed translations are part of the corpus distribution. Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. This is accomplished as follows. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Query open doesn't have the query subject. The Q-learner does not have to select the last role it was executing before it died. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. 2 is minimized. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. Using information extraction tools  , predefined classes of information like locations  , persons  , and dates are annotated with special tags. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. , which makes the optimization infeasible. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. Based on the structure of cooking graphs  , we proceed to propose a novel graph-based similarity calculation method which is radically different from normal text-based or content-based approaches. c Potential field at low output T= 1. x 1 ,k  ,y 1 ,k  and x 2 ,k  ,y 2 ,k  are the positions of robots 1 and 2 at each instant k and i b 1 . higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. We order the 1.2k labeled examples by time from the oldest to the most recent. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. Some of these topics were very short and contained very few technical  , specific medical nouns. where Z = Z α Z β is a normalization factor; |V | is the set of users to whom we try to recommend friends and |C| is the candidate list for each user; θ = {α}  , {β} indicates a parameter configuration. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. expand the user query with API names. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. In our method  , the diversity of topics was represented by the weight of expansion words. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. The main reason for using LR to estimate parameters is that few statistical assumptions are required for its use and 0  , 0  , ..  , 0 and q 0 = 0.5  , 0.5  , ..  , 0.5 ; The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. We submitted 10 runs to KBA CCR Track 2013  , including 2 query expansion runs  , 2 classification-based runs and 6 ranking-based runs. These promising results suggest that integrating our approach into probabilistic SLAM methods would improve the building of maps for dynamic  , cluttered environments  , a challenging issue that requires further research. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. Hence  , the expanded query might exhibit query drift 9  , that is  , represent an information need different than that underlying the original query. This is necessary during the search over the space of subsets of clusters  , and while estimating final predictive accuracy. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. is maximized  , where N wi is the number of nodes in wi and dwi is its total internal degree. , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. Advanced Similarity Search. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. We describe it in more details next. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. by avoiding re-hashing if such information was easily available. However  , directly use these similarity metrics to detect content reuse in large collections would be very expensive. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. An update in Q-learning takes the form Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . In Table 5we show CPU costs with this optimization  , for queries with expected query range sizes of 7 days  , 30 days  , and one year  , under the uniform and biased query model. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. types of dynamic programming  eg search in a state space can be used to compute minimum-time motion trajectories. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. As a sample application  , we plug it into the ARSA model proposed in 4  , which is used to predict sales performance based on reviews and past sales data. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. The result is the definition of a new similarity measure based on three characteristics derived from the visitor sessions: the sequence of visited pages  , their content and the time spent in each one of them. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. And the study on query diversity shows the influence of different query types on the search performance and combining information from multiple source can help increase search performance. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . a variable for the solving method. Because we have a much smaller testing set the curves are less smooth  , however  , SimpleRank clearly beats Random up to the first 2 ,000 examples. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. Selected MWUs were then suggested to the user for interactive query expansion. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. After query expansion  , it is reduced to 0.017. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. Thus  , the following congregation property is extremely useful. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. , they are able to detect the matching pairs in the dataset  , but they also misclassify a lot of non-matching pairs  , leading to a low precision. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Some studies focus on using an external resource for query expansion. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. The image ranked at the first place is the example image used to perform the search. Matrices P and Q will be updated with equations given in Section 3.1.3 until convergence. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. A major advantage of our work is that by extending the PLSA model for data from both training and test domains  , we are able to delineate nicely parts of the knowledge through TPLSA that is constant between different domains and parts that are specific to each data set. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. This application was built using the C programming language. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Intuitively  , the words in our text collection CO can be classified into two categories 1 background words that are of relatively high frequency in the whole collection. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. We next present our random forest model. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. STARS STrategy Alternative Rules are used in the optimizer to describe possible execution plans for a query. The query relatedness at each expansion term position is then calculated by counting the accumulated query  relatedness density from different query terms at that position . In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. One robot moves and sweeps the line of visual contact across the free space  , thus mapping a single region of free space. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. The query tree is then further optimized through view merging and subquery to join conversion and operator tree optimization. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. The reason could be that we didn't find appropriate combination distinctive terms for query expansion. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . , e  , 6  , e  , 8 and a  , 11. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. , an implicit topic representation. We summarized the previous PLSA based methods for question recommendation and discovered that they can be divided into two main categories: 1 methods that model the user indirectly. Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. This overhead is unnecessary and expensive for individuals wishing to get an overall understanding of user opinion. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Lam-Adesina and Jones 12 applied document summarization to query expansion. In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. The conceptual-DFR run is based on re-ranking the results that are obtained from query expansion using keyword-based query context. , a vector space of keywords in the vocabulary into a low-dimensional binary vector space  , which at the same time preserves the semantic relationship of the data examples as much as possible. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. The following sections briefly describe the derivation of the Jacobian mapping and analyze the Jacobian for various vision and force sensor configurations. In this paper  , we rely on the query likelihood model. as query expansion mechanisms. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. Amini2  p pesented dynamic programming for finding minimun points. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Then the key phrases are used as queries to query the image search engine for the images relevant to the topics of the web page. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. Pair Potentials. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. The hyperparameters of the kernel have been set by optimizing the marginal likelihood as described above. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. where A is the search result vector and B is either the " positive " or the " negative " profile vector. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. classes in PLSA. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. In addition  , these supervised techniques take into account only the explicit query concepts and disregard the latent concepts that can be associated with the query via expansion. K f can include any ground literal   , where ∈ K f means " the planner knows . " Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. The results show the approach works well. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. The clusters of reviews belonging to the bug report and suggestion for new feature categories are prioritized with the aim of supporting release planning activities. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. under the constraint that IIa~11~ = 1. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. the GEMINI framework 9. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. 5  , 14  , traffic rules 6  , 81  , negotiation for dynamic task allocation 9  , 31  , and synchronization by programming 12  , 161. This definition is similar to the edit distance for strings and the dynamic time warping DTW in speech recognition  , see 16 for an overview. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. It should be pointed out that the original RPCL was proposed heuristically  , but it has been shown that it is actually a special case of the general RPCL proposed in 6  , which was obtained from harmony learning6  , 71 and with the ability of automatically determining the learning and de-learning rates. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. Then a new result is achieved ordered by the combination of scaled scores of three retrieval model. Systems return docids for document search. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . x ≡ q ∈ IR 27  The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. One thus needs to consider all query types together. It has been shown that the Maximum- Likelihood Estimator MLE is asymptotically efficient as it can achieve the Cramer-Rao lower bound with increasing sample sizes. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. 12 and Jones et al. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. Invocation. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. A review of home-based photo albums provides further support for the utility of viewing search results that are grouped by content features and by contexts 16. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . We call this version of the planner Progressive Variational Dynamic Programming PVDP. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. Figure 5shows the experimental results. Unfortunately  , restructuring of a query is not feasible if it uses different types of distance-combining functions. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. The server functions are supported by five modules to augment the underlying database system multimedia manipulation and search capability. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. utilized user logs to extract correlations between query terms and document terms 6. In Section 5  , we present experimental results illustrating the capabilities of the implemented planners. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Qiu and Frei 17  measure recallprecision and usefulness of query expansions based on a similarity thesaurus constructed from the corpus. , The key of this learning procedure is to first define the overall coherence for a query  , and then efficiently identify the set of translation probabilities that maximizes the overall coherence measurement. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . Some RDBMSs have means to associate optimization hints with a query without any modification of the query text. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. Working in the concatenated feature spaces the remaining unclustered documents are then assigned to the groups using a constrained PLSA model. Clearly  , we want to enumerate every pair once and only once. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. Query expansion QE is an effective strategy to address the challenge. For every word in the vocabulary  , their relevance model gives the probability of observing the word if we first randomly select a document from the set of relevant documents  , and then pick a random word from it see Section 2.3 for a more formal account of this approach. When we increase the mean lifespan of tuples  , more tuples have longer lifespan. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. We consider a special class of nonserial manufacturing system shown in figure 2. For this test  , we select the TREC subtopics in the search task with | estimated on relevance judgments  , and the MovieLens dataset for the recommendation task. Task-level learning provides a method of compensating for the structural modelling errors of the robot's component level control systems. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. The ensemble size was 200 trees for the Dietterich and RTB approaches. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. Section 3 describes the document and query expansion model. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. Even for simple temporal queries  , this approach results in long XQuery programs. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. 11  , its updating can be got as If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. The second one is PLSA based methods. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 .  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. Our next experiment dealt with query expansion based on external resource. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Note that our framework outputs regularized topic models of a query  , i.e. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. In Section 2  , we give a brief review of related work. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Thus  , the discriminative score for each candidate s with respect to F is defined as: αs = | ∩ s ∈F ∧s s D s |/|Ds|. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. These are topics of future research. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The basic method by which different techniques were compared was query expansion. With an affine gap model  , a k-length gap contributes −b − k − 1 * c to the alignment score. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . A click on a particular Stage I  , II  , or III lymphoma case evokes the ad hoc similarity search which results in the interactive mapping suggestion displayed in figure 6. The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Therefore  , it is only applicable to the concepts that are explicitly present in the query  , and not to the latent concepts that are obtained through query expansion.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. For nonoverlapping buckets  , the recurrence becomes: We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. Relevant expansion terms are extracted and used in combination with the original query the RM3 variant. The required joint trajectory cannot be generated by the given trajectory in inertia space due t o the dynamic parametel. We use the expected result size as the cost factor of sub-queries. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. The relative hand positions with respect to the face are computed. Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Therefore  , unrestricted DSU is standard in many dynamic programming languages. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. We therefore did not restrict the selection of expansion terms. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. In the within-project setting i.e. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. The figure of merit FOM for a route i s calculated from the cost matrix by dynamic programming. The likelihood can be written as a function of The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. The constant k mitigates the impact of uments according to the pairwise relation rd1 < rd2  , which is determined for each d1  , d2 by majority vote among the input rankings. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. At this point the search can stop. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. Currently  , we support two join implementations: The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. The main query uses these results. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. In this section  , we show how our Random Forest classifiers can be used to predict global object shape from local shape information. Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. the "   , " by "  as previously mentioned. result merging  , reranking  , and query expansion modules. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists. by using dynamic programming. It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. This technique has been applied to software engineering modeling MK92  , as well as other experimental fields. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. The similarity measure employed derives from the extended family of semantic pseudo-metrics based on feature committees 4: weights are based on the amount of information conveyed by each feature  , on the grounds of an estimate of its entropy. Moreover  , correlations between queries and collections are extracted over the grouplevel profiles  , based on frequency measures  , while some additional statistics are computed to quantify secondary user actions  , such as selection of Advanced Search Fields  , Collection Themes  , etc. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. On the other hand  , however  , no-one will contest that a small! We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. We then factorize this probability as follows: News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. For example  , we can study the semantic similarity between relevant documents and derive an IR model to rank documents based on their pairwise semantic similarity. Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. The interval estimate is the range of numbers which most likely contains the true number N of defects in the document. The data could be nicely covered with these motifs that are very common  , but in this study we aim at finding relationships between the motifs. If the evaluation system selects two query terms sales and children for expansion  , with a maximum of one expansion term each  , the final query would be sales OR sell AND tobacco AND children OR child. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. In their relational test implementation they also consider only selection and join. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. a complex indes stmcture with large pages optimized for IiO which accommodate a secondq search structure optimized for maximum CPU efficiency. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. Another important operation that is supported is contentbased similarity retrieval. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. This article defined three cost functions which quantitatively reflected the susceptibility of a manipulator to a free-swinging joint failure. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. On the one hand  , the kinds of identities above attest to the naturality of our deenitions. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. In section 6 the performance measurement is presented  , and finally section 7 summarizes our experiences and outlines future work. First come the locations with the highest confidence—that is  , the likelihood that further changes be applied to the given location. After training  , the learned w and the resulting test statistic δ w q ,C ,C  will be applied to new pairs of retrieval functions h test   , h test  of yet unkown relative retrieval quality. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. In particular  , we will be able to find out what queries have been used to retrieve what documents  , and from that  , to extract strong relationships between query terms and document terms and to use them in query expansion. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. They are: The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. We propose a novel approach called Topic-bridged PLSA or TPLSA for short for the cross-domain text classification problem. We h a ve presented a novel method for automated indexing based on a statistical latent class model. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. While dynamic programming enables reasonably efficient inference   , it results in computationally expensive learning  , as optimization of the objective function during learning is an iterative procedure which runs complete inference over the current model at each iteration. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. After several experiments for considering the amount of words as query expansion  , we find that 10 keywords are enough to support the query. We select one element at each column by Dynamic Programming. An alternative to similarity ranking is to specify a template as the query and return expressions that match it as the search result 13 . In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. The implementation of the system is in WP0bject Oriented programming with C++ under WINDOWS that allows multi-tasking . A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query  , in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. This paper is organized as follows. Considering Fig. Document expansion combined with vector space model improves retrieval results. We describe a detailed experimental evaluation on a set of over 1500 web-service operations. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. query execution time. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Therefore  , object introspection maintains the semantic integrity of a programming language but opens up its programs for general access. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. It also includes a set of browsing capabilities to explore MultiMatch content. In this paper  , we seek good binary codes for words under the content reuse detection framework. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. The order in which expansion terms are added for a query term is also fixed  , in the same order as they appear in the CNF conjunct. Classifier Selection. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. This construction method builds up the query evaluation plans step by step in a bottom up fashion. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. , statistical charts. However  , since models of the dynamic behavior of complex machines are complex  , too  , we use a pictograph representation to abbreviate our models. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. Moreover  , such specifications allow for replacement of sensors and dynamic reconfiguration by simply having the selecfor send messages to different objects. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. Table 3shows these results. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. where sc is the vector-space similarity of the query q with the contents of document d  , sa is the similarity of q with the anchor text concatenation associated with d  , and s h is the authority value of d. Notice that the search engine ranking function is not our main focus here. The motion model reflects a behavior that the evaders are likely to exhibit throughout the run. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . To allow direct comparison with the retrieval performance of automatic query expansion the same documents  , topics  , and relevance judgments have to be used. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. The task space of the robot  , i.e. The vector representation of trails allows us to use the Cosine similarity measure to compute similarity between any two given trails. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. If MyDatabase is a class inheriting from Database and has its method execute overriding Database.execute  , then q is a proxy external interaction of MyDatabase.execute. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . the expansion dimension. The likelihood function is a statistical concept. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. When the SQL engine parses the query  , it passes the image expression to the image E-ADT   , which performs type checking and returns an opaque parse structure ParseStruct. That means  , the words from the two query expansion methods may make up for their shortage of information and improve the performance. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. a set K=100  , and b set K=200. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. It is conceivable that reiterations 22 or the compression of vertex identifiers 3 could further speed up the computation. The main purpose of this section is to illustrate that the value of learning term given in the previous section will vary with 1 k 2 for large k. We prove this by first showing that the expected efficiency loss arising due to the uncertainty in the eCPM of the ad varies with 1 k for large k  , and then use this to show that the value of learning term varies with Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. Among the advantages of these languages is the dynamic typing of objects  , which maps well onto the RDFS class membership  , meta-programming  , which allows us to implement the multi-inheritance of RDFS  , and a relaxation of strict object conformance to class definitions. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. Phrase recognition and expansion are applied to the most likely syntactic parse obtained for a user query according to the PCFG estimated from the query log. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. This is why we call this model semi-supervised PLSA. This can be easily done using dynamic programming. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. When the precision at N   , where N is the rank of the current document  , drops below 0.5 or when 2 contiguous non-relevant documents have been encountered  , the user applies content-similarity search to the first relevant document in the queue. Our contributions can be summarized as follows. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. Essentially  , the cosine is a weighted function of the features the vectors have in common. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. Keeping this in mind  , the expansion intended in this research would use Metamap  , UMLS Metathesaurus  , and SNOMED-CT to find relevant documents pertaining to the query/topic. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. The total time complexity is Onk where n is the number of tree nodes. We then extend our MLRF formulation to train on the inferred beliefs in the state of each label and show that this leads to better bid phrase recommendations as compared to the standard supervised learning paradigm of directly training on the given labels. Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. Second  , calculation of the control action aCL is typically extremely fast compared to calculating or approximating an entire action-value function Q*. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. There are in fact many advantages to do so. nI be the sizes of samples drawn  , marked and returned to the population and the total number of distinct captured individuals be r. The likelihood function of N and p = p1  , ..pI  from data D is given by The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. Step 3: Query term expansion A method similar to LCA 3 was adopted as a query term expansion technique. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. Thus  , for this query  , query expansion actually results in a significant loss of precision. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. Also at runtime  , rules are basically compiled OzC code which allows for efhcient evaluation of conditions and execution of actions. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. To model the existence of outliers  , we employ the total probability theorem to obtain Results are presented in Figure  12. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first investigation about how well a topic model such as PLSA can help capture hidden aspects in novelty information retrieval. The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . Ct In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. The remaining expansions are combined into a new disjunctive query element that is added to the original query. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. Then we develop two more heuristics based on a dynamic programming approach and a quadratic programming approach. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. As shown in Figure 2a  , as K increases from 1 to 4  , the prediction accuracy improves  , and at K = 4  , ARSA achieves an MAPE of 12.1%. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. In this case one gets in addition to 2 , While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. Models Table 2. The impact of oracle expansion classifier Consider an optimization problem with In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. This complexity arises from three main sources. Experiments showed that query expansion by via of gene name dictionary could improve recall rate greatly. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. In fact  , as explained in Sect. Figure 2a and No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. The procedure is as follows: The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. When the error metric is possibly nonintegral as with SSE  , the range of values that A can take is large. Efficient rank aggregation is the key to a useful search engine. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. where 0 < y < 1 Q learning defines an evaluation function Qs ,a. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. Conventional query optimizers assume that the first part is negligible compared to the second  , and they try to minimize only the execution cost instead of the total query evaluation cost. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. Its nodes are obtained by performing step motions from states already in the graph. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. Next we describe the language model based RTR model in detail. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. We show that the distance between ORN graphs is an effective measurement of image semantic similarity. A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. In addition  , source search engines rarely return a similarity score when presenting a retrieved set. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. On the other hand  , a Dynamic Programming DP strategy St:79 builds PTs by I~reatltMirst. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. As these factors are optimized jointly  , one may view the time factor as being the change in likelihood of copying a particular item from i steps back  , depending on how long ago in absolute time that past consumption occurred. Furthermore  , for some queries  , retrieval based on the original query results in performance superior to that resulting from the use of an expansion model. However  , short queries and inconsistency between user query terms and document terms strongly affect the performance of existing search engines. The deviance is a comparative statistic. §This work was supported in part with funding from the Australian Research Council. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. , trρ = 1. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. It is instructive to formulate an expression for the upper bound on search repository quality. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. After index construction  , for similarity name search  , we generate a list of 100 queries using chemical names selected randomly: half from the set of indexed chemical names and half from unindexed chemical names. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. The top 100 of these documents were then used for query expansion and then intersected with the documents of the test collection. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. In the two- Query Symptom q s  , dicts  , encycs  , roots  , synroots  , paras Collision-free path planning is one of the fundamental requirements for task oriented robot programming. In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. If their types match  , we further check whether they are synonyms.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. This cost function is used by the dynamic programming search; a typical path for the Museum of American History took under lOOms to compute. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. Each label  , in our formulation   , corresponds to a separate bid phrase. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. The values of normalization constant   , U and learning rate q were empirically set to 0.06 and 0.04  , respectively. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. They can also be used for query expansion. The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. In general  , for every plan function s  , 7 can be partiof parametric query optimization. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. Table 4  , and for project " Ivy v1.4 "   , the top four supervised classifiers experience a downgraded performance when changing from a crossproject setting to a within-project setting. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting  , model combination  , and complexity control. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. Learning can also be performed with databases containing noisy data and excep tional cases using database statistics. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. Abraham Ittycheriah applied Machine Translation ideas to the Q/A 3. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Interestingly  , for short queries we find that relation matching without query expansion RBS performs worse than a density based passage ranking with dependency based query expansion DBS+DRQET. We believe this is a very promising research direction. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . The lower pair of numbers a  , b represents the result of the optimal bit assignment. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. From feature perspective  , the user profile features age  , income  , education level  , height  , weight  , location  , photo count  , etc. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. Tables 1 2 and 3 report the expansion retrieval performance of predicted-Pt | R based and idf based diagnostic expansion  , following the evaluation procedure detailed in Section 4.1. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. In this paper  , we simultaneously address grasp prediction and retrieval of latent global object properties. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. By using entities instead of text  , heterogeneous content can be handled in an integrated manner and some disadvantages of statistical similarity approaches can be avoided. is developed1. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. This expansion results in a loss of precision compared to the original query. Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. Two different approaches are compared. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Our paper makes the following contributions. The OTM model is able to take advantage of statistical foundation of PLSA without losing orthogonal property of LSA. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. Figure 1illustrates influence and homophily dependencies. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. According to GEM  , we do not have to find the local maximum of QΨn+1; Ψn at every M step; instead  , we only need to find a better value of Ψ in the M-step  , i.e. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. In all of the experiments  , the learning rate is set to 0.025 and the window size is set to 8. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. Srinivasan P 1996. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. The actual mapping time was reduced from 2.2 CPU seconds per document to 0.40 seconds. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. However  , it would be unclear how to choose a good cutoff point on the ranked list of retrieved results. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. Basically  , we assume that disease terms are helpful for query expansion for all kind of query types. database systems e.g. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. We extend this approach by an additional step; we refer to the learning-to-rank model which is trained across all queries Q1  , ..  , Q k  as the initial retrieval model M0 and the induced ranking for the test query as initial ranking. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. Stage 1. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. Thus  , while batch-mode experiments evaluating the effectiveness of automatic query expansion have been favorable  , experiments involving users have had mixed results. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . The method is also an initial holonomic path method. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. In the current configuration  , k l is 3 and t l is 7 days. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. State-of-theart QA systems adopt query expansion QE to alleviate such problems 5  , 10  , 8. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . " We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. In this study  , we have proposed methods for mimicking and evaluating human motion. An additional dimension of support for dynamic layout programming is enabled with the monitoring information supplied by the Core. Such designs are quite important and relevant when placed in the context of emerging multi-core architectures see Section 4.3. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. First we consider query expansion. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. The implementation of query expansion used for TREC-9 differs from this in two main ways. This observation has led to the development of cross-lingual query expansion CLQE techniques 2  , 16  , 18. , Type II error. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. Query expansion is another technique in the retrieval component. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. However  , space precludes an explanation here. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. The same approach is extended in 6  by adding more expressive events  , dynamic delivery policies and dynamic eventmethod bindings. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. Query dependent expansion. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. Such systems tend to produce high but fixed information quality levels  , but at a high cost also fixed. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. Figure 4shows an example of such state space. Based on these results  , we can conclude that any strongly connected sub-graph in the punctuation graph for the query could serve as a building block for constructing safe plans. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. Once we have selected a center  , we now have to optimize the other two parameters. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. What happens when considering complex queries ? We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. In addition to methods discussed in this paper — frequent sets  , ICA  , NMF and PLSA — there are others suitable for binary observations . Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. The proposed dual-robot assembly station has several features which require more intelligent programming for operation. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. 21 are worse in terms of information loss and they are considerably slower. With other corpora and other parameter settings for the hash-based search methods this characteristic is observed as well. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. , normalized size of set intersections . In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. Since we are working on short comments  , there are usually only a few phrases in each comment  , so the co-occurrence of head terms in comments is not very informative. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. In our framework for query expansion  , we adopt a variation of local context method by applying language modeling techniques on relations to select the expanded terms and relation paths. #weight  1-w #combine original query terms w #combine expansion query terms  Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. In summary  , the recall precision curves of all three categories present negative slopes  , as we hoped for  , allowing us to tune our system to achieve high precision. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. Additionally  , the cluster centers Ki and the cluster radius ri are kept in a main memory list. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. Notice the difference between the scale of the top diagram and the scales of the other two diagrams. , i d   , in all combinations that add up to B buckets . A probabilistic framework for constructing the timedependent query term similarity model is proposed with the marginalized kernel  , which measures both explicit content similarity and implicit semantics from the click-through data. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. Each image space occupancy map is transformed to the map space by applying F equation 2. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. The question of how searchers use  , or could use  , interactive query expansion is therefore an important research topic. Of course  , other similarity coefficients could be used m this case as well. Figure 2a In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. Using such data presentation i.e. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. In section 2.4  , we describe our four query expansion approaches and the results of different query expansion comparison are present in Figure  4. In addition  , we employed the Bo1 model 2 for query expansion. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. It provides a software toolkit for construction of mobileaware applications. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation. , in the case of reconnaissance . We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. Each internal node has q children  , and each child is associated with a discriminating function: In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. Hashtag-based query expansion HFB1 and HFB2 4. With the kernels  , the related function that we need to optimize is given by , For each state-action pair  s   , a    , the reward r  s   , a  is defined. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. This model is primarily concerned with the two important problems of query expansion   , namely with the selection and with the weighting of additional search terms. The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . We adopt three query expansion methods. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight.