Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. We also present and evaluate jump indexes  , a novel trustworthy and efficient index for join operations on posting lists for multi-keyword queries. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . This strategy consists in generating the various plans in a bottom-up manner  , as follows. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. This is identical to Backward search except that it uses only one merged backward iterator  , just like Bidirectional search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. Since Pearson correlation is the evaluation metric for prediction quality  , there should be as many queries as possible in both the train and test sets. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. The second search engine http://www.flickr.com/search is a regular keyword search. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. This mapping has two main advantages. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. We perform the optimization using a combination of random search and gradient descent with numerical gradient computation. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. The data was provided via a widely available mobile search and navigation application installed on the iPhone and Android platforms. Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. Typical full-text indexing e.g. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. Probabilistic CLIR. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. In both cases the robot started with no a priori knowledge of the environment. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. Egomath is a text-based math search engine on Wikipedia. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. The zero dynamics arising from the suggested measurement were shown to be stable. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. External validity is concerned with generalization. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Alternate approaches have to be found to make the transfer function appear passive for the case when is large. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. Rank-GeoFM/G denotes our model without considering the geographical influence. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. Moreover  , the improvement of CTM over PLSA and NetClus is more significant on the results of papers than other two objects. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. Meta query optimization. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. Model-based rating-oriented CF learns a model based on the observed ratings to make rating predictions. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. We are currently investigating a dynamic programming technique that improves on this performance. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. For an environment depicted in Fig. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. From formula 2  , we can see that the aspect model expresses dimensionality reduction by mapping a high dimensional term document matrix into the lower dimensional one k dimension in latent semantic space. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. In addition  , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. More memory is required for sorting the two input tables and the performance of sort-merge join depends largely on sort performance. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. force unloading no saturation Fig. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Of all the above systems  , only Sumatra employs such support  , but using a drastically different programming model and API  , which tightly couples relocation into the application's logic. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. Characterizing predictability. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. Since our ranking models use context features  , we extract the search sessions with more than one query. Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. The RNNs in the models are implemented using LSTM in Keras. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Add items to the search engine indices. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. This makes possible to propose similar formulas with coefficients to estimate their costs. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. The resulting similarity using corrected vectors is known as the Pearson correlation between users  , as follows. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. Table 2 alsoshows the correlation analogous to Pearson correlation coefficient between the row and column scores for each dimension singular value score; the greater the inertia  , the greater the association between row and column. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. Neither per-impression nor perclick bidding can exhaustively mimic the bidding index in these natural scenarios. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. The underlying assumption is that several latent search factors exist in query logs  , each associated with a distinct topic transition rule  , and these search factors can be implicated by users' search behaviors. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. Regular path expression. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. The original ARSA model uses S-PLSA as the component for capturing sentiment information. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. Allowing Variables. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Tab.2  , B represents the Pearson correlation matrix of the pairs of the five domain features over the small dataset. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . Agents can either locally try to find nodes that have been least visited or search for some random area in the environment. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. The files are populated with 100 ,000 keys and the clients retrieve 1000 random keys in each experiment  , start@ each time with an empty image of the file. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. cost function based on softmax function. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Figure  13depicts the sensitivity transfer function. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Fig. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. Comments represent a candidate items. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. Since KOALA users could not limit their search on video cassettes nor multilingual versions  , they had to check each search result manually see Fig. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. But  , this can only be done experimentally. In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. gives the correlation between the different coverage types and the normalized effectiveness measurement. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Obfuscate a user's true search intent to a search engine is very difficult: we need to first identify the search intent  , properly embellish it before submitting to the search engine  , such that the returned search results are still useful. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. We showed the optimization of a simple query. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. The feasibility of this approach depends on how concentrated the search content associated to a trending topic is. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. The main difference with Eq. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. When the search reaches a local minimum in terms of function P  , a preset number of random walks  , each of which is followed by a gradient motion  , are performed to escape the local minimum. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. However  , they assume that the features depend only on the input sequence and are independent of the output tag sequence. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. This complexity arises from three main sources. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. The ZPETC is based on the inversion of the closed loop transfer fimction so that the product of the ZPETC and the closed loop transfer function comes close to unity for arbitrary desired output. Multiple sequence alignment based on DP matching is extensively studied in the field of biological computing 111. Initialization. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. The total evolution time is about 6 hours on a SUN/SPARC5 workstation. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. pred is a function returning a boolean. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. Typical cost functions are: traversibility  , fuel limits  , travel time  , weather conditions etc. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. The surface geometry of a patch is determined by fitting the data points in the patch to a quadric surface and solving an eigensystem. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. Once a transfer function is shown to be passive  , the system can be stabilized easily using the following theorem. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient between the Miller-Charles scores and the NBD baseline  , as well as the three NSWD variants. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. Then we can modify the controller input For a repetitive task  , the transfer function of the system will be the same. Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . Using deviance measures  , e.g. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. query execution time. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. The average Pearson correlation between the four coders across the 1050 labels was 0.8723. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. This application was built using the C programming language. Once the SFL system has been nondimensionalized  , a nondimensional controller can be designed to meet the nondimensional performance specifications. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. We treat merge joins as three different operations. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Consequently  , if a search by keywords is performed   , the same search using the title or the author will not return new results. Since the size of Google's search space is unknown  , we cannot jump to the conclusion that our system outperforms Google's spelling suggestion system. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese.  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. The experiment results is shown in Figure 7. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. While serendipity is difficult to design for by definition  , it can be supported through discriminability: it is important that it is obvious to a user when such items come into view – that the descriptions of items make their nature clear. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. After the search sessions were identified  , each session was classified as a re-finding session  , exploratory search session or single query session. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. This subsection presents the data preparation  , label set and performance metrics. This is intuitive  , because the less information there is to explain user behavior each query occurred only once and no clicks were observed  , the more NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns to rely on ranks. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Like Q-learning. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. The scatter plot indicates that a strong correlation was observed  , and hence  , hubness occurred. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Besides the reference and value dependency sets in this table  , the static types of these values should also be calculated as defined in the language specifications. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. Plotting the singular values in a Scree plot Figure 1 indicates that after the 4rth dimension  , the values begin to drop less rapidly and are similar in size. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. First  , the compensating signal which counterbalances the influence of friction force and parameter change is generated using an idea of disturbance observer . 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. If the heuristics guides the search to a local minimum  , a random subgoal is generated and the heuristic strategy is attempted via the subgoal configuration. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. Instead of a complete sorting  , merge sort can serve the same purpose and save. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. It is more flexible then the BU model  , because it works with two concepts: 'correctneu' aa a basis of the underlying indexing model  , and 'relevance' for ·the retrieval parameters. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Comparison with DBSCAN. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. Some LOs may require prerequisites. Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. 7  Their sevenlink biped was controlled using dynamic programming and followed desired trajectories as found by Winter2 and Inmanl. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. For example  , in our data it was shown that conservatives preferred writing " Barrack Hussein Obama " over the liberal " Obama " . First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. We envision search engines that can timely detect and efficiently propagate trending search content i.e. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. The electrothermal actuators used in the AFAM can be represented by a first order transfer function 13 with a typical thermal bandwidth of 50Hz. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Once the output utpet is calculated from ZPETC's transfer function 3  , the repetitive compensation is calculated . While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. We study the scalability of our framework  , using the mapping in Example 1 and two other mappings derived from it. Random Forest is the classifier used. A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. Variable δ ctxt is the context of review r as defined for polarity  , and we use the same transfer function from Equation 5 to connect δ ctxt to the rank-based measures of global and local context. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Contributions. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. This section is divided into four subsections. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. make the response of the motor position much faster than the response of the tip position control loop outer loop in Figure 1. Thus  , this regular expression is used. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . Our initial intuition is that a sort-merge based join phase should be applied in this case. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. Several simplified systems were used to study the effect of hysteresis  , for example  , a constant force was subtracted to account for the effect of damping and friction but the best results as far as matching the experimental data were given by the transfer function: Hysteresis: Similar to friction and damping  , a simplified model of the hysteresis was used and the describing function computed. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. 1for an example spectrogram. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. They utilized the users' search queries triggered by a page to learn a model for estimating the search intents. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. Hence  , each free variable is set 2 and then the function INITIALIZEGLOBALS is called. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. Search by location: A search by location identifies a place and for that place all available time periods events for that location. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. A non-malicious node is the commitment type and a long-run player who would consistently behave well  , because cooperation is the action that maximizes the player's lifetime payoffs. Our empirical study of 56 multithreaded Java programs showed that random variations in the search order give rise to enormous variations in the cost to find an error across a space. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The concolic testing phase can then generate the sequence ESC dd during exhaustive search. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. The data coverage of the components found by each of the methods may seem poor  , but one must remember that we have discarded components consisting of one motif only. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. For larger excursions the output current limits at Z~IABC  , providing the overall transfer function shown in Fig. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. This work differs from much of current human-robot interaction research in that our work investigates theoretical aspects of humanrobot interaction. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. First  , unless programming tools can quickly support the constantly evolving requirements of dynamic web applications  , we will always be tempted to expose to developers the lower level client-side scripting and server-side generative code used in web pages. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. 0 Motion prediction. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. We use a third order model of a Hydro-Elastic Actuator to investigate the closed loop forward transfer function and the impedance of the system. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. Definition 18. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. Collingbourne et al. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. A number of universities are also recording lectures and seminars  , with the aim of providing online access and search capabilities. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. All reviewers had the same experience. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. These functionalities are known as the basis for Ajax-style programming 12 and are widely available in popular browser implementations such as Mozilla Firefox  , Microsoft Internet Explorer  , Opera  , Apple Safari  , and Google Chrome. Another was to search for subjects of interest to the participant  , and to look through the search results until something worth keeping was found. Translating pieces of words seems odd. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. The above question can be reformulated as follows. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. As is well known  , the dynamic programming strategy plays an central role in efficient data mining for sequential and/or transaction patterns  , such as in Apriori-All 1  , 2  and Pre- fixSpan 10. We find that for all style dimensions none of these features correlate strongly with stylistic influence; the largest positive Pearson correlation coefficient obtained was 0.15 between #followees and stylistic influence on 1st pron. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. The evolutionary search method starts with a population of p random solutions. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. where now ¯ ri is the mean rating of item i and w i ,k is the similarity weight between items i and k. The main motivation behind item based systems is the computational savings in calculating the item-item similarity matrix. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. After every search iteration  , we decide the actions for the search engine agent. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. There are multiple ways to form intervals. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. Model fitting. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. served as ranking criterion. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . For each static search session  , whole-session level relevance judgments are provided in the datasets: annotators judged documents regarding whether or not they are relevant to the topic or task underlying the search session instead of an individual query. The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. General query optimization is infeasible. Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. The motivations of demote operation is as follows: making those queries that the evaluation function classifies as future cache hits stay in the cache longer. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Random SearchAb1 : basic strategy : the ability to find task by moving random direction. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. During the final phase of resolution i.e. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. Since we are working on short comments  , there are usually only a few phrases in each comment  , so the co-occurrence of head terms in comments is not very informative. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. query-term overlap and search result similarity. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. Fuzzy-fingerprinting FF is a hash-based search method specifically designed for text-based information retrieval. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International The constructs can be generalized to dynamic and n-dimensional arrays. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. This involves collecting the data from the streaming API without any search terms  , thereby receiving a random selection. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. In this way  , it avoids expensive constraint solving to perform exhaustive search in some part of the state space. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. Second  , single-point estimates do not help inference of model parameters  , and may in fact hurt if the ensuing model-fitting stage uses them as its input. All of these computations are subject t o error. How do we get this jump into picking up articles that really do not contain the proper search word ? Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Timing results for inverted search and vector search for the Pearson correlation for one of the runs are shown in Figure 1and Figure 2. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Then  , we express the transfer operation as a combination of remove and insert: Since W CC is a state function  , all paths from P to P ′ have the same differential. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. The paper is organized as follows. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks.