After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. The full collection consists of over a billion web pages  , while the English-language subset is comprised of 503 ,898 ,901 pages. To that end  , a transfer function approach to the open loop dynamics of the translating foil was presented. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. It is therefore necessary to annotate all patterns before sending the page to the client. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. For this first experiment  , we report three different measures to capture the extent to which grades were assigned correctly: the Pearson product-moment correlation r and two other measures of interest to testing agencies  , the proportion of cases where the same score was assigned Exact and the proportion of cases where the score assigned was at most one point away from the correct score Adjacent. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. expand the user query with API names. However  , there are mixed results using ontologies such as WordNet and MeSH for the query expansion task. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. The word distribution of each topic reveals different themes underlying a corpus while the topic distribution θ d of a document characterizes the themes the document is associated with. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . Counting the number of IPs shared by any pair of sites requires one scan on the sorted data. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. The "empirical" rewards obtained in the simulation are used to update the expected value of taking the action -in other words to update the current approxi­ mation Q. Real-Time Query Expansion RTQE describes an interface mechanism whereby candidate expansion terms are presented to the searcher as they enter their search query. There was a slight topic effect: for two topics both median and mode scores were 51-60%  , for one topic the median and mode was 61-70% and for another topic the median score was 41-50% with multiple modes of 31-40%  , 41- 50% and 51-60%. We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. Our system is comprised of a user information collection function and a P2P transfer function. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. We derive a transfer function for the pulling feeder for convex polygonal parts  , i.e. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. A series of experiments on TREC collections is presented in Section 5. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. The other enabling and firing rules of the mapping transitions are the same as the ordinary transitions. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. The titles of the topics were used as queries for this run. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. 22 define a more sophisticated similarity measure  , and design a fragment i.e. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. But the similarity is more substantive that this. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. . For example  , the article " platform disambiguation " contains 17 meanings of the word " platform " . The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. The procedure is as follows: Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Yan and Hauptmann 25  explore query expansion in the setting of multimedia retrieval. The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients r and Spearman's Rank Order r s  correlations were computed to assess whether participants' preferences regarding robot design and use were correlated with their religious affiliation and spiritual beliefs. Further we conducted the same experiment with two slices removed at a time. Stack Overflow was designed to be used such that Google is UI. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. In other cases words were added or omitted. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. , we do not count occurrences of several of these terms as additional evidence of relevance. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. The motor characteristics were based upon the Pitt ,nmn Elcom 4113 motor. Still  , these repositories need to keep evolving in order to avoid techniques over-fitting the body of artifacts available and to better represent the universe of artifacts. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. The unexpanded OSUM query was identical to the unexpanded BOOL query. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . Our models are based on probabilistic language modeling techniques which have been successfully applied in other Information Retrieval IR tasks. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. Strictly speaking  , the context of a query term q i ,k occurred at the k-th location of the i-th document is the terms surrounding and including q i ,k . An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. Similarity calculating component: Calculating the similarity between two questions is a very important component in our QA systems. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . In essence  , Diag-Join is a sort-merge join without the sort phase. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. For example  , assume that we want to check whether machine A can be in on in a stable state. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. On average we have observed slightly higher COV values in ViewSer data in comparison to Eye-tracking. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. In the first step  , we create 100 min-hashes per document  , while in the second step  , 80 32-bit super-hashes are created from the min-hashes for each document and for each iteration in the subsequent step i.e. From this plan  , detailed operational specifications are prepared that precisely define the "transfer function" of the control system. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. Figure 8is a block diagram of the direct controller when it is applied to an n=2  , m=l  , d=l plant. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. 1a and 1 d. We sort  , in descending order  , the samples in rSample based on their scores so that in the sub-tree of node cSample = {s 1   , s 2 }  , sample s 4 and s 5 will be added first followed by s 3 and s 6 . This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. However  , short queries and inconsistency between user query terms and document terms strongly affect the performance of existing search engines. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. This is because higher values of θ result in highly similar pattern clusters that represent specific semantic relations. However  , MF approaches have also encountered a number of problems in real-world recommender systems  , such as data sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability . We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. Then  , Sec. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . The segment results of each individual index probe are sorted  , first by protein id and then by start position  , and written to separate files. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. In our experiments  , we chose CHESS v0.1.30626.0 21 and SATABS v2.5 6 as two of the most widely used verification tools. When both lrclations arc large  , howcvcr  , as when hoth wcrc " tcnlhoustup " relations in our tests  , the optimal methods will he the pipclincd sort-merge methods. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. Notable examples include the Pearson-Correlation based approach 16  , the vector similarity based approach 4  , and the extended generalized vector-space model 20. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. Sort-merge join uses little memory for the actual join except when there are many rows with the same value for the join columns. File services in NOSE are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CDKK85. 8 and Xr=Tr/K  , the transfer function from Tr to Qa is given by Qs/Qi Wn2/S2+2rWnStWn2  We exploit this similarity in our techniques. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. The shared S-only component can now be applied exactly once. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. This indicates that an increase in the predicted value of the PREfast/PREfix defect density is accompanied by an increase in the pre-release defect density at a statistically significant level. asp ?DefinitionKey=987 the contained embedded objects will be of interest  , as will be the variety of fonts referenced and the question whether some documents contain a change history and whether this history is considered of any relevance. In this sense  , the general reliability serves as a prior to reduce the over-fitting risk of estimating object-specific reliability in the MSS model. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. In the following discussion  , we design an observer for 2 which is x-axis element of n o m 8  , the transfer function from Xd to z can be Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. As the system under consideration is a distributed parameter system  , a lineax finite-dimensional model obtained by modal truncation procedures has been used in 3 and by most other researchers. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. , precision and purity. There are research works e.g. However  , there is no step response experiment for the fuel mass measurements from sensor WIA 2. The transfer function of the LRC circuit and the resonance frequency fhyd of it is expressed by Besides the computed hydraulic resistance of the channel  , the sensor also consists of hydraulic capacities Chyd and hydraulic inertance Lhyd. The order in which expansion terms are added for a query term is also fixed  , in the same order as they appear in the CNF conjunct. the original query. Results reported here are for qterminal = 300  , T = 300  , q = 1  , R = .33331 . In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. A similarity-based query is forwarded  , where the user presents an exemplar image instance  , but only incompletely specifies the feature attributes that are important for conducting the search. Section 3 details our semantic query expansion technique using disease synonym dictionary. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. by embedding meta data with RDFa. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. Then  , we describe the proposed concept-based temporal relevance model for query expansion. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is done by adding  , to the control current  , the current equivalent to these torques and is given by where C is the stiffness of the arm. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. 9 Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. The question of how searchers use  , or could use  , interactive query expansion is therefore an important research topic. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. Columns show project  , model 1 -the full model in Equation 3 and 2 -the simplified model from Equation 4  , degrees of freedom  , log-Likelihood  , likelihood ratio  , and p-value for the test comparing the full and the simplified models. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. 3. jmab: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion   , and abstracts only. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. Tables 1 2 and 3 report the expansion retrieval performance of predicted-Pt | R based and idf based diagnostic expansion  , following the evaluation procedure detailed in Section 4.1. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The improvements increased with the sparseness of the dataset  , as expected because sparse FA correctly handles sparseness. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. Several previous studies have proposed strategies for estimating retrieval costs 7  , 25. Such a model generalize to new campaigns if we can estimate the unknown coefficients gi for each user feature i from the training data. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. We extend this approach by an additional step; we refer to the learning-to-rank model which is trained across all queries Q1  , ..  , Q k  as the initial retrieval model M0 and the induced ranking for the test query as initial ranking. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. There is a change in the shuffles performed  , because the compare-and-swap direction is reversed for the second 4-item block. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. EM addresses the problem of fitting a model to data in cases where the solution cannot be easily determined analytically. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where In particular  , we demonstrate the search functions through three main search scenarios: service registration  , simple similarity search  , and advanced similarity search. Accordingly  , we present a novel probabilistic approach to fusion that lets similar documents across the lists provide relevance-status support to each other. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. We refer to this set as XE. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 ZAZM: The particular model form with best BIC fit is the ZAZM Zero-Adjusted Zipf-Mandelbrot model for both datasets. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. Further  , fitting w using a power law with exponential cutoff as described above results in a model requiring only three parameters that provides explanations nearly identical in quality to the model produced by pointwise inference of w at all possible lo- cations. The objects are sorted by D 1   , D 2  in the parent node. At site Sb  , the sort-merge join methods SJSM and SJNL both require the same number of' disk accesses -this number is the sum of'the ~CCCSSCS required lor sorting relation R  , and those needed to scan Rb once to send its luplcs to S ,. The " full " model is trained on all observed names across all 129 years whereas the " slidingwindow " models consist of a series of submodels each of which is trained using observations for a given year +/-a window of 4 years: 1880 1888  , 1889 1897  ,   , 2000 20088. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. Thus  , the signal uzpet and the repetitive control input urep are stored in memory and used after one period M . Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. We use top Web results as background knowledge  , and construct a set of features that encode semantic meaning rather than mere textual similarity measured by the lexical features:  maxMatchScoreq ,t: The maximum similarity score as described in Section 3.1 between q and any advertisement in the corpus with the bid phrase t.  abstractCosineq ,t: The cosine similarity of Q and T   , where Q is the concatenation of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for q  , and T is that of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for t.  taxonomySimilarityq ,t: The similarity of q to t with respect to the abovementioned classification taxonomy. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. We allow seoping using two functions. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. Sign R x 'Grouped'  , add it to Group G i ; 8. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Srinivasan P 1996. Finally  , we would like to explore applications of our model in other tasks  , such as Topic Detection and Tracking  , and in other languages. edge in the APT. We followed Chapelle et al. We identify the concepts in a query to feed them to our document search engine  , as it needs to calculate the concept similarity. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. We iterate through every possible insertion point for the new pickup or delivery point in s plan   , and choose the plan of lowest cost. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. Thus  , there still exists a need for a document-independent source of terms for query expansion. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. The CDC weekly publishes the percentage of the number of physician visits related to influenza-like illness ILI within each major region in the United States. The topic expansion interaction proceeds as follows: 1. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. was executed. Figure 2awas taken from these data. Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. Section 4 is the result discussion. Applying this rule to the functions defining a 95% confidence band for the DPM-curve yields a 95% confidence interval for the total number of defects e.g. , 1993; Widrow & Stearns  , 1985. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. This could imply that with more examples to learn from  , users are more focused on a general model and less able to keep in mind particular cases. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. The surface model provides the position and orientation of each leaf. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. , closed itemsets  , we seek to select k itemsets whose segments cover the numerical data with as well-fitting models as possible. We produced by hand REST representations of a set of queries from the CACM collection  , and then automatically generated for each query subsets of terms that the REST representation indicated were related conceptually  , and which thus should be considered mutually dependent in a probabilistic model. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. , a stack. However  , query expansion 5 is biased due to topic drift while improving the recall performance. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. Results are presented in Figure  12. We discovered that query expansion increased Passage MAP for 11 topics and decreased Passage MAP for 9 topics. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. Through extensive simulations and experiments with an IBM intranet search engine  , we demonstrate that the scheme achieves online update speed while maintaining good query performance. Grounded theory 27 is a method often used in Social Science to extract relevant concepts from unstructured corpora of natural language resources e.g. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. To help mitigate the danger of over-fitting i.e. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. Therefore  , if the revolution of one roller is reduced some obstacle or problem  , the revolution of one of the other rollers is increased by the function of the differential gear  , and we can correctly transfer the motor power to the endoscope. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Other search modes such as > or = can be supported via straightforward extensions. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. The research question is: pattern. Table 1 gives the results for both cw and mw term weightings for the SDR'99 data set. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. Many applications of set similarity arise in large-scale datasets. The difference between CCA and PLS is that CCA utilizes cosine as the similarity function while PLS learns dot product. Practical compensators can seldom succeed in such cases. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. For example  , consider the task of recognizing the U-shaped pipe fitting in the left scene of Figure2. Representing the feature space of a topic with the proposed framework in the polar coordinate system enhances the standard Euclidean vector space representation in two main aspects: 1 by providing a strength of the relative semantic relevance of a feature to a topic; 2 by augmenting the possible orientations of such relevance to the topic. We select all of the synonyms of each word in the query for each query depending on the part of speech. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. The strict sentence generation log-likelihood feature in our feature set discussed in Section 5.3 encodes a sentence property that is very similar to COGENT's similarity score: it estimates the likelihood of a given sentence to be generated from the set of all standards of the associated domain in a probabilistic generation task. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. Thus  , a framework for achieving the twofold objectives of uniform deposition and good transfer efficiency is provided. Sµqi  , c  , qi ∈ Ω Average character trie-gram similarity with all previous queries in the session Ω. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. Our paper makes the following contributions. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. To increase the recall of the information retrieval tasks  , ONKI Selector performs query expansion by ontological inference. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. WD " denotes the weitht decay term used to constrain the magnitude of the weights connecting each layer. For instance  , votes on a five star rating may mean different things for different people. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. In addition  , source search engines rarely return a similarity score when presenting a retrieved set. All these approaches represent derivation of a loop-transfer function with SPR properties for a control object without SPR properties by means of dynamic extensions or observers. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. where Wuv is the Pearson correlation between user u and user v  , and k is the number of neighbours. Using the same window size w  , the token fragment S surrounding the <SCH_TERM> is retrieved: The matching degree of the test sentence to the generalized definition patterns is measured by the similarity between the vector S and the virtual soft pattern vector Pa. In the second stage  , we compute all those documents which contain these lexical chains with the use of this index. For preliminary findings  , the study selected 8 libraries with the highest and lowest results of accessibility and conducted the Pearson correlation test to investigate whether or not there was any association between accessibility and library funding. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. Lately  , a more abstract approach   , working with dioids a p p r e d . On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . Because calculation of the viscosity and other behaviors of ER fluid would be too complicated  , a velocity response model has been determined experimentally. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. Velocity will be computed using backwards difference differentiation. Join indexes can now be fully described. their cosine similarity is almost zero. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. Taking the complexity of human emotions in account  , an accuracy of 0.514 on predicting 8 emotions can be considered a relatively high score. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. The rewards associated to each executed action were computed based on the class assigned by the classifier: −1 for large errors  , −0.5 for small errors  , and +1 for correct actions. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. Otherwise  , these constraints require that at least one regrasp operation must be performed. Second  , the query expansion for tie-breaking is worse than other method probably caused by the limitation of tie-breaking method  , which assumes that every query term is important and may not perform well for long queries. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. Following standard practice in work on queryperformance prediction 4  , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of permutations Qπ and their predicted performance  Qπ. This suggests that it is possible to derive transfer functions in the frequency domain describing the dynamics of the system . In a non-split situation  , we stop as soon as all members of UpdSeedDel are found to be density-connected to each other. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. Thus  , the proximity search looks for " movie " objects that are somehow associated to " Travolta " and/or " Cage " objects. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. The run InexpC2QE applies In expC2 and a query expansion methodology for all the queries. This category includes the Pearson-correlation coefficient approach 2 and the vector space similarity approach 1. For example  , measurements made by the Polhemus sensor are transmitted as an electromagnetic signal  , and so can have errors introduced by metallic objects or stray magnetic fields existing in the vicinity of the sensor contain error. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. We currently consider whole time series. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. A basic XSLT program is a collection of template rules. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. Typically text documents in the field of mechanisms and machine science are containing many figures. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. 8. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. utilized user logs to extract correlations between query terms and document terms 6. In this section  , we define a basic pull action  , which maps a equilibrium configuration of the finger onto another equilibrium configuration for a given pull direction. Our approach belongs to this category  , and furthermore  , requires no dependence relation between loss function and features belonging to different domains. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. However  , sequence < 1  , 3  , 2 > supports < 1  , 3 >. CPU cost is an important factor in spatial-joins 5. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. The averaged tactile sensor data  , which is independent of the force data  , has a standard deviation of 0.4 % peak strain so we expect a fitting error of 0.9 % peak strain. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. This gap has occasioned effort to relate these two models 7  , 8. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. These scoring functions are simple and intuitive  , but we argue that they are not expressive enough to tune latent semantic models for relevance prediction and that they do not use all potentially useful information from the model. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . Therefore   , distinguishing between different tissues can enhance the volume visualization . The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. Xue et al. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The retrieval status value RSV of an image ωi is defined as: Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. At this time  , the side edge is joined slopes in stead of steps  , so zigzag is reduced obviously. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. quasi-Newton method. We will call this type of reward function sparse. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. Previous work up to now has maintained a text matching approach to this task. We used retweets for each query expansion method because retweets are a good source for improving twitter search performance 2. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? Given a question 1 2 .. k Q q q q =   , it is natural to assign it to the question class which has highest posterior probability  , i.e. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. Then  , we aim to show the effectiveness of three query expansion models Bo1  , Bo2 and KL on the TRECMed 2011 collection. The assumption always held for the Oracle 8i DBMS that we used in our TPC-H-based experimentation. Tree-Pattern Matching. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. The Pearson correlation coefficient is 0.669 p<0.0005 indicating a similar relationship between the actual and estimated pre-release defect density. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. a t states I and params p  , Q  p   , ~   , u    , employing a Q-learning rule. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. was defined at joint A as shown in In general  , a quantitative evaluation of the positional error in the entire workspace of a multi-articulated manipulator is rather difficult due to the complicated kinematic formulae. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. However  , it will never come up that "apple" is quite the right search word for that article. When the set of items to be sorted does not fit into the collective space provided by the local stores of the SPEs  , the sort has to be taken " out-of-core "   , which involves moving data back-andforth between the local stores and the main memory. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. We would like to evaluate a new ranking model by comparing with a baseline  , and looking at the difference in the chosen metric. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. An alternative to template based matching is fitting of a motion model to a gradient field the motion field. With the dual goal of relevancy and diversity  , we design a two-stage framework to find a set of questions that can be used to summarize a review. We consider the finger as a programmable part feeder. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. , setting aside the results of the Ad Hoc Pool  , we obtain a Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient of 0.927 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.577  , 0.989. Once the SFL system has been nondimensionalized  , a nondimensional controller can be designed to meet the nondimensional performance specifications. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. For our implementation we select Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. In order to perform accurate positioning  , Dudek and Mackenzie 2 composed sonar based maps where explicit model objects were constructed out of sonar reading distribution in space. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. The index is dependent on the transfer function. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. The real problem lies in defining similarity. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. The transfer function for the Fy model is: The transfer function for the Fx model is: The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. T r a n s f e r F u n c t i o n Modelling In the previous section  , it is shown that  , for the transfer function between the input torque and the net tip deflection  , there is no well-defined relative degree. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. A recent snapshot of English Wikipedia was used as the expansion corpus. The two different document-oriented and query-oriented views on how to assign a probability of relevance of a document to a user need have resulted in several different types of practical mod- els 17 . In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. The third area is user in- teraction. This produces a list where consecutive 2-item blocks are sorted  , in alternating directions. We ran the experiments on a DEC Alpha 3000/400 workstation running UNIX. The definition of EMI will help identify the case that resellers change the content of listings as well as the resale activities coming through account transfer. We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. , they have a shaded background. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. To produce rich query representation we introduce a new query expansion technique  , based on traversal of the query recommendation tree rooted at the query. Figure 8. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. From left to right  , the participants are shown with respect to decreasing mean number of comments over all 15 weeks. We compared the results of top-k retrieved documents of each query without synonym expansion  , and those of the same query with synonym expansion. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. Each document that contains a match is included in the search result. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. After retrieval with the baseline system of section 2.2  , we experiment with two versions of Wikipedia-based query expansion. However  , within an uncertain interval   , the computational complexity for matching increases. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. With the knowledge of this property  , we further consider that if the names of all ancestors of u can be derived from labelu alone  , then XML path pattern matching can be directly reduced to string matching . go back to a previous step in order to make changes  , or jump ahead to a later step instead of following the actual plan. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. 321–332  , 2007. c Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007While classical retrieval tools enable us to search for documents as an atomic unit without any context  , systems like POOL 14  are able to model and exploit the document structure and nested documents. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. 2 use a two-layer net with a single output node. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. Rhythmic search is not possible. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. And the reflective path shapes the local appearances   , whether inertial or spring like. It also and provides typical compression of the dataset of 10-100 times over memory-based methods. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. For example  , HERALD provides a hypotlietical join function join-when  , that evaluates the expression join < cond >  , R when D  , S when D. , normalized size of set intersections . The research questions explored here were: RQ3: Do noun phrases provide sufficient context for the user to select potentially useful terms for query expansion ? Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. Obviously with 900 megabytes or more of buffer pool space  , a DBMS will keep large portions of data base objects in main memory. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. Contributions and Organization: We have just formally defined " researcher recommendation "   , an instance of " similar entity search " for the academic domain. Therefore  , exploration and search techniques are needed that can seek quality and relevance of results beyond what keyword similarity can provide. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. A specific search engine. These results demonstrate that our system can achieve close to the best scores for a few number of topics simply because we could not implement the semantic similarity measure to compute the tweet relevance due to time complexity limitation. With these challenges in mind  , we introduce Plurality – an interactive tagging recommendation system see Figure 1. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. One of the main applications of QPP is selective Query Expansion 1. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. First  , in GOODXl  , it is hard to factor out the infu encc of the X-tree architecture and the parallel readout disks on the results ohtaincd. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . This serves as our baseline for query expansion. The whole collection can now be viewed as a set of x  , y pairs  , which can be viewed as samples from a probabilistic model. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. kgenArgS 12. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. 15 propose a different method that trades search capability for much less security. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. In the Q-learning  , the value of the state that is closer to goal state is higher. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. We found that electrons are transferred from outer tube to the inner tube with charge transfer density of 0.002 e/Å. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. As such  , query expansion is critical for improving the performance of IR systems in the biomedical literature . As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. we define how the orientation of thr: part changes during a basic pull action. systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. , Euclidean distance used in many other retrieval methods. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. All URLs in the current level will be visited in the order they are discovered before URLs in the next level are visited. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. Lam-Adesina and Jones 12 applied document summarization to query expansion. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . Yet  , there was also a considerable difference between the two ratings: the average absolute value of this difference for a given topic by a given person was 0.72 stdev: 0.86. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. TaMe 5tabulates results as we vary the number of terms t used for query expansion. Tab.2  , B represents the Pearson correlation matrix of the pairs of the five domain features over the small dataset. However  , the application is completely different. shows the experimental and least-squaresfitted open-loop transfer functions from elbow torque command to elbow motor tachometer and to tip accelerometer outputs using an HP 3562A Dynamic Signal Analyzer for this experiment  , the shoulder motor was locked and the arm is in its unloaded configuration. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. , the representations for the English word school and the Spanish word escuela should be very similar. The control system in Figure 6was used to induce step inputs and measure the robot joint's dynamic response at each temperature state. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. Transfer function data appear to have good properties in the the procedure of object identification here presented. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. Related research unifies the browsing by tags and visual features for intuitive exploration of image databases5 . , nodes without any outgoing edges – which are shown to form a significant portion of the Web graph crawled by search engines 4. A sort may wait in one of five situations: Wl: in stage 0 waiting to start; W2: in stage 1 with 1stMin space; W3: in stage 1 with more memory; W4: in stage 3; W5: before an external merge step. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. An overall similarity measure is computed from the weighted similarity measures of different elements. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. In view of the lot related objective function  , it is not necessary to model the movement of individual transfer lots. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Conduct curve fitting for sampled distance and zoom level as in The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. Our experiments show that the LSH-based method is effective and efficient for recognizing Chinese calligraphic character and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. A high correlation therefore means that we can predict the rank order of the suites' effectiveness values given the rank order of their coverage values  , which in practice is nearly as useful as predicting an absolute effectiveness score. In order to quantify the sensitivity of the results we ran a Spearman correlation between the actual and estimated defect densities. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. Similarity search has been touted as an effective approach to find relevant images in a multimedia document collection . In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . This is achieved by applying a pattern matching between re-evaluation rule patterns and the node currently being modified. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. In this section we present our distributional approach in detail. This is logically equivalent to applying the permutation to all the tokens in the second block before running RadixZip over it. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. The first one is the residual-based stiffness estimator in 14. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . We can make the following observations. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. In this context  , our contributions are the following. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. 6 below is the transfer function of a velocity response model. Another area we concentrated on was query expansion . Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. Section 3 describes our keyphrase-based query expansion methods. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. With the availability of massive amount of click-through data in current commercial search engines  , it becomes more and more important to exploit the click-through data for improving the performance of the search engines. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. Antionol et al 3 traced C++ source code onto manual pages and Java code to functional requirements . Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. , UDInfoMINT. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. The same setup was used to find the open and closed loop frequency response of the motor mounted on a test-stand and for the Xaxis of the Precision Assembly Robot. Personality diagnosis achieves an 11% improvement over baseline. In our experiment  , we crawled 3 ,000 pages at each site. But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. The breadth-first strategy  , however  , draws a different picture: a user will look ahead at a series of results before clicking on the favorite results among them. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Sen is defined as the sensitivity of the extender position  , U  ,   , in response to E ,= 200s + 2100 lbf/rad We choose ' c  , = 0.1 so the bandwidth of H1 becomes the same as of E , Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Therefore  , we need to properly handle these bad documents Q&A pairs. First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1  , 0  , 1}. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . Experiments in the previous section confirmed our conjecture concerning the benefit of query expansion in a distributed searching environment. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. However  , we know that these methods didn't provide a perfect pruning effect. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. Prior to distribution  , component source code is compiled into binary code formats  , such as .lib  , .dll  , or .class files. Additionally  , the annotation tool features a search box above the policy  , which enables annotators to search for key terms or phrases within the policy before selecting an answer. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. As shown in Fig.3  , the inputs to the neuron pass through weight connections representing the synaptic strengths of the interconnections. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. A digitized mono audio stream can be convoluted with an artificial HRTF to create a stereo audio stream that reproduces the timing  , frequency and spectral effects of a genuine spatial sound source. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. As shown in the following experiments  , the best model on current data may have bad performances on future data  , in other words  , P M  is changing and we could never estimate the true P M  and when and how it would change. The human force f is a function of human arm impedance H  , whereas the load force is a function of load dynamics  , i.e. This na¨ıvena¨ıve approach to construct the mini-batches for stochastic gradient descent has two main drawbacks. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. An example query and its expansion would be: " Tiger Woods PGA win " => " Tiger Woods PGA win golf tournament Masters victory. " Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. A feature that appears to account for all these cases is the maximum lexical similarity between the browsed document and any of the top search results. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. We implemented the accumulators for Quit and Continue as dynamic structures hash tables and when the stop criterion is as high as 10000 users  , this structure has less of an advantage over arrays. The " single data-multiple query " composite tuple Figure 10b can be used in conjunction with the sort-merge join based approach to apply the composite tuple to the Data SteM. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. Similarity-based search in large collections of time sequences has attracted a lot of research recently in database community  , including 1  , 9  , 11  , 2  , 19  , 24  , to name just a few. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. The weighted average of the user's last few link selections is passed to the search engine; results are then dynamically combined into a hypertext document. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. For other cuboids  , only a single page of memory can be allocated -these cuboids are said to be in the " SortRun " state. For both runs the Gene name expansion was applied as described in subsection 3.1. the minimum the corresponding points contribution to the overall DTW distance  , and thus can be returned as the lower bounding measure , close loop stability is  ,-ranteed in high frequencies when uncertainties are present. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Without loss of generality  , the chi-square test 8 is employed to identify concrete itemsets by statistically evaluating the dependency among items in individual itemsets . We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. B feature vector construction for target papers using the discovered potential citation papers. For each project-investor pair  , we predict whether the investor supports the project prediction is 1 or not prediction is 0. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. The above transfer function meam a typical second order system. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. One simple classical compensation method is to create a dominant pole in the loop transfer function Roberge  , 1975. in open loop mode  , the response should be very underdamped since k~ may be high for a stiff environment. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. We use the official intents as atomic intents to avoid reassessing relevance of the documents. The results of the search in the subtree are stored in the bit stack in the delimiter with S=l. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. Popular choices for su ,v include the Pearson Correlation Co- efficientPCC22  , 11and the vector similarityVS2. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. Atheris relies on the robust pattern-matching technique of ViPER and introduces an abstraction layer between web pages and additional functionality for these pages changing the appearance  , adding information  , etc. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. The corresponding transfer function for the plant is The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Stack inspection is intended to prevent confused-deputy attacks 9  , which arise when a component C 1 that was not granted access to a resource r obtains access to r indirectly  , by calling into a component C 2 that was granted access to r. Figure 1. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. Expansion of query vectors is used for instance in 17 ,24. We refer to their method as Zhou's method. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. With this controller  , we have the following transfer function and the backdraiv- ability. Instead of employing all available social information   , we select friends who share similar tastes with the target user by investigating their past ratings. Although the above measure SOi. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. In an IR setting  , a system maintains a collection of documents D. Given a query q  , the system retrieves a subset of documents d ∈ Dq from the collection  , ranks the documents by a global ranking model f q  , d  , and returns the top ranked documents. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. It is more effective than relevance model weights when expansion is more balanced  , i.e. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. We matricize X in Mode 3 to generate matrix X 3 ∈ R a×ult . We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. Semantic Sequencing. Case-by-case means that the written permission is examined on case-by-case basis and N/A means that it is not applicable. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. For larger excursions the output current limits at Z~IABC  , providing the overall transfer function shown in Fig. , with Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.15 in relation to the functional size by 'function points' and 0.100 for the size in 'lines of code'. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. The default implementation of these methods assumes that there is no immutable data  , and that the public mutable data consists of the entire Web archive WAR file of the replicable service application except those under WEB-INF/classes and WEB- INF/lib  , while the private mutable data consists of the HTTPSession object created for the client. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. Our thesaurus-based query expansion performed very well as compared to using LINC without query expansion  , with an improvement of 44.51% and 31.10% performance improvement over the average precision-at-k  , for date and relevance sorting  , respectively. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. which the other components on this level rely. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. We show that CNF expansion leads to more stable retrieval across different levels of expansion  , minimizing problems such as topic drift even with skewed expansion of part of the query. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Typically  , the prediction is calculated as a weighted average of the ratings given by other users where the weight is proportional to the " similarity " between users. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. In addition  , only those documents that have at least c query + expansion terms in them where chosen. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. More specifically  , We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. Most other operators  , except aggregations  , can be changed to operate directly on these tuplecodes. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. , a metric. , 14  , 11  , in this paper we also focus on the induction of bilingual word embeddings BWEs  , and show how to use BWEs in cross-lingual information retrieval tasks. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. We focus on the query generation and retrieval model selection. Each of the three bits per word performs a specific function. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. The monotonic relationship between the predicted ranking and CTRs is much more evident than the one given by the demoted grades: URLs with lower CTRs concentrate more densely in the area with lower prediction scores  , and the average Pearson correlation between the predicted ranking score and CTR across all the queries is 0.7163 with standard deviation 0.1673  , comparing to the average of 0.5764 and standard deviation of 0.6401 in the the demoted grades. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. They basically transfer gas from inlet to outlet. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. Some of the most severe obstacles faced by developers learning a new API are related to its documentation 32  , in particular because of scarce information about the API's design  , rationale 31  , usage scenarios  , and code examples 32. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . where A is the search result vector and B is either the " positive " or the " negative " profile vector. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. , see Table 1. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. After that  , Candidate Page Getter puts them to search engine API. In experimental runs  , about thirty threads fetch a total of 5–10 pages a second   , a typical web page having 200-500 terms  , each term leading to a PROBE. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. However  , datadriven techniques Section 5 offer additional protection from false or extraneous matches by lowering the importance ranking of information not corroborated elsewhere in the data. The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. If our distance metric D assigns a very small distance between p and q then it will also make sure that p and q are close to the same labels |D p  , α−D q  , α| ≤ D p  , q from triangle inequality. In our implementation  , we use breadth-first search in the space of representative actions to find the shortest sequence of fence rotations to orient the part. The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. term overlap between query and tweet is relatively small  , different semantic expansion techniques can be leveraged to improve the retrieval performance. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The RNN implements a dynamical mapping between end-effector positions u and joint values q. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . The top 100 of these documents were then used for query expansion and then intersected with the documents of the test collection. the characteristic equation becomes f1s=s 2 +KPs+KI. Although these extra cases are acceptable for some thesauri  , we generalize the above recommendation and search for all concept pairs with their respective skos:prefLabel  , skos:altLabel or skos:hiddenLabel property values meeting a certain similarity threshold defined by a function sim : LV × LV → 0  , 1. Without relevant information  , term weighting function2  , was simplified to IDF-like function. The pulse transfer function under the zero order hold for a double integrator possesses a zero at -1 and is of nonminimum phase. Since the amount of data is known at the start of the merge step  , the sort is able to allocate exactly the amount of memory needed. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. The force commands should be sent to actuator through D/A converter modeled by putting the transfer function in Eq. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. Wold et al. Although there are many formats  , which describe surface models  , in this paper Object file of Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer is adopted. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. In addition  , assessors accepted various model numbers such as Peugeot 405s  , 309s  , 106s  , 504s  , 505s  , 205s  , and 306s. We treat merge joins as three different operations. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. For user-based systems 9   , the similarity between all pairs of users is computed based on their ratings on associated items using some selected similarity measurement such as cosine similarity or Pearson correlation . the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Miller-Charles' data set is a subset of Rubenstein-Goodenough's 35 original data set of 65 word pairs. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. 9 shows experimentally that most of the terms words in a collection are distributed according to a low dimension n-Poisson model. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. Our systems have several parameters. We conduct experiments on three real-world datasets for cross-modal similarity search to verify the effectiveness of LSSH. The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. The RPI model exemplarily used in this paper further transforms the addend into a sum over all query features and then estimate values for the resulting feature-related addends; compare equation 3. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. We denote GP as the publication graph and GS as the subscription graph pattern. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. With the help of appropriate hardware  , it is easy to fast realize. We demonstrated a novel ranking mechanism  , RACE  , to Rank the compAct Connected trEes  , by taking into account both structural similarity from the DB viewpoint and textual similarity from the IR point of view. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. For instance  , younger users tend to click less frequently on results returned to them about persons older than them. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. In the areas of pattern recognition and of machine learning  , a number of sophisticated procedures for classifying complex objects have been developed . For the query expansion experiments  , the Terrier 27 software was used. Since the extender usually consists of both constrained and unconstrained maneuvers  , inequality 43 of the unconstrained system. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. , operating with only one language instead of two  , which results in a unified WE-based framework for monolingual and cross-lingual IR. Due to the similarities in UI  , estimating visibility on Reddit or Hacker News is very similar to estimating position bias in search results and search ad rankings. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. The two methods are based on the extension of the technique presented in 8 to perform term expansion and relation path expansion. Additionally  , spreading activation helped Ad- Search to beat Baidu as it further considers the latent similarity relationships between bid phrases. In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. , denote the plate's instantaneous acceleration   , where m   , is the plate's mass parts' masses are negligible. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. A number of tasks are defined in TRECVID  , including shot detection  , story segmentation   , semantic feature extraction  , and information retrieval. Two different approaches are compared. A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. Many command arguments are names of files. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. A possible explanation to this is that the users on Twitter use it as a news source to read informative tweets but not necessarily all of the content that is read will be " liked " . Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. High deviation was argued to correlate with potentially reduced query drift  , and thus with improved effectiveness 46. In 1   , we discussed our pattern matching approach in detail. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. We also computed the Pearson coefficient r between the average forecast error rates of the top five QAC suggestions and the final ρ and MRR values computed for those rankings . The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Therefore  , a popular correction is to subtract ¯ Ru from each vector component 6  , 4  , 2. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. 7. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. In information retrieval and text mining  , it is quite common to use a word distribution to model topics  , subtopics  , or themes in text3  , 12  , 1  , 21. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. In the next Section  , we review related work on various query expansion techniques. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. BWESG induces a shared cross-lingual embedding vector space in which words  , queries  , and documents may be presented in a uniform way as dense real-valued vectors. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. A good initial retrieval will result in an improvement in query expansion performance but a poor initial retrieval will only make it worse. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. We observe a 16.7% of improvement in MRR by comparing DBS+DRQET with DBS+LCA. Finally  , the retweet activity in a bin A k is calculated from the estimated retweet rate , This suggests that a generally more reliable group is more likely to be reliable on a particular object. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. As stated above  , local sequential features extracted by HRM is not capable enough to model relations among apart baskets  , while a recurrent operation of a deep RNN architecture can capture global sequential features from all baskets of a user. The plans employing magic decorrelation were manually composed with the supplementary table materialized. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. We argue that these parameters should be adjusted more accurately and depend on the purpose target click-metric and market. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. In the second view  , however  , the surfaces can be distinguished  , and  , using the segmentation procedure  , separated  , and fitted by a surface model. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. A selection submodule is responsible for using the computed measures to recommend a small set of nearest neighbours to an arti- fact. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . Moreover  , the response time of similarity name search is considerably reduced. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. JQe apply the proposed method t o a simplified soccer game including two mobile robots Figure 5. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that  , The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. , relevance or irrelevance  , while in this paper we extend the objective function to rank POIs with different visiting frequencies  , and provide the solutions for stochastic gradient descent optimization. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. With the similarity in terms of technology and interface design  , why do only a small number of search engines dominant Web traffic ? This function is accomplished by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol SMTP. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. These results indicate that query expansion with rsui works well for Japanese text. We experimented with pre-translation query expansion using the Foreign Broadcasting collections of TREC and used various levels of query expansion. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. Note that the ffmith's principle can be applied independently of a particular form of manipulator controller and  , therefore  , other form of a manipulator controller can be chosen as well. Full text indexes where associated to textual descriptive fields  , similarity search index where associated with elements containing MPEG-7 image key frames features  , and other value indexes where associated with frequently searched elements . Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. Consider the pie-shaped part Fig.3 whose initial orientation is unknown. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. When two robots are within the same " node " of the map  , they can localize with the same landmarks and operate in a common coordinate system. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. In KBP2010  , we developed three pipelines including pattern matching  , supervised classification based Information Extraction IE and Question-Answering based 1. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. 37 Some of the probabilistic models described in the literature have recently been compared and unified 38  , and a new  , ultimate probabilistic model has been proposed which makes maximum use of all available information without implicitly making assumptions about any unknown data. Along the lines of semantic similarity  , PMI-IR Turney 2001  used PMI scores based on search engine results to assess similarity of two words. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. This measure is best suited to comparing rankings with few or no ties  , and its value corresponds to a Pearson ρ coefficient 24. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. However  , these subjective evaluations do not tell whether and how word similarities can be used in solving IR tasks in SE. , the decryption code  , impeding pattern matching even further . However  , if one accepts a decrease in recall  , the search can be dramatically accelerated with similarity hashing. Similarly  , we can exploit the entities and the temporal content to better weigh the different relevance of documents mentioning dbpedia:Carl Friedrich Gauss and dbpedia:GAUSS software  , as well as to differently rank documents about Middle Age and 17th/18th centuries astronomers. The first summand is the fitting constraint  , while the rest constitutes the regularization. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. where now ¯ ri is the mean rating of item i and w i ,k is the similarity weight between items i and k. The main motivation behind item based systems is the computational savings in calculating the item-item similarity matrix. In applying Q-learning to our task  , we have to define an action space. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. Hz / 2 ! In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. The thesaurus-based query expansion applies a thesaurus to map controlled vocabularies to user query terms. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. The entity pairs are extracted from the body of the archived documents first by splitting the documents into sentences using the Stanford CoreNLP library 4 .  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. One is the similarity to the " positive " profile  , the other for the " negative " profile. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. Feasible ? On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. Like external sorts. Definition 1. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. Thus  , TNG is not only a topic model that uses phrases  , but also help linguists discover meaningful phrases in right context  , in a completely probabilistic manner. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. In our experiments the optimal number of user groups was found to be two  , which was later used when computing the predictions for the final test set. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. We experimented with query expansion for first stage retrieval but experienced a slight drop in the results. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. In this study  , we have proposed methods for mimicking and evaluating human motion. Results. In section 2.4  , we describe our four query expansion approaches and the results of different query expansion comparison are present in Figure  4. This transfer function was then used to design the zero phase error tracking controller. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. The goal of information retrieval  , is to learn a retrieval function h * that will be good for all the queries q ∈ Q. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. Preliminary experiments showed that increasing the number of features above 40 per code did not improve performance. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. Learning. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. We also present and evaluate jump indexes  , a novel trustworthy and efficient index for join operations on posting lists for multi-keyword queries. Parallel Learning. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. Matrices P and Q will be updated with equations given in Section 3.1.3 until convergence. Second  , rather than expanding using documents directly query → documents → expanded query  , we expand using the search results of related queries query → related queries → documents → expanded query. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Moreover  , in order to incorporate the information from the users' social interactions and tagging  , we adopt the following ad hoc procedure. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The sort operator responds by splitting Ihc merge into a preliminary step that merges R  , to R4 into R ,4 assuming " optimized " merging  , and a final step that merges H   , 4 with KJ to X , ,  , into R ,- , , ,. Results for this example system have sliowii that  , practically speaking  , a n y class of desired hacking trajectory t.hat. We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. Query expansion before or after automatic translation via MRD significantly reduces translation error. If the decelerations of the two vehicles are close  , from the two previous equation  , we can say that additional risk is mainly resulting of the parameter γT r . It is now optimal to tlevotcb 20 pages to the heap-sort and the other 80 to hash probing. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Submissions that resulted in low F 1 scores tend to have come from approaches that made little use of the Topic Authority's time; submissions that achieved high F 1 scores all made use of at least some of their available time with the Topic Authority. , June 5 to 11. The purpose of similarity search is to identify similar data examples given a query example. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. Experimental Setup: As a first step  , we validate our hypothesis that COV is not dependent on the rank position   , and in fact can be used as an un-biased estimate of snippet attractiveness. Many different retrieval models have been proposed and tested  , including vector space models 13  , 12  , 10   , probabilistic models7  , 16  , 15  , 3  , 6  , 5  , and logic-based models17  , 19  , 2. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment  , thresholded versions of those features  , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. The hypothesis we investigate by comparing these two clarification forms is whether short contextual environments in the form of snippets around the suggested query expansion terms help users in selecting query expansion terms. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. A downside of this simulation is that we do not know exactly how much time and effort the user has spent on each expansion term. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. Searching for a similar title and/or similar subtitles in the compared Web site. There are something good and something bad. Search box should be positioned early enough in the code of the page so as to be accessible easily. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. Meanwhile. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . Query expansion techniques can assist users with increasing the length of their queries through automatic and interactive techniques. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . Our inspection approach can also detect relations that are nearly-sorted on the join key. However  , it becomes problematic when URIs are made up of meaningless strings like <./928>  , rather than <./James_Cameron>. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. Note  , is a set and it does not include the ordering information of the corresponding code snippet . system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. The prediction value is the Pearson correlation between the original normalized scores in the list and the new scores. The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. we perform a breadth first search. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. When using the sketch tool subjects had to formulate a candidate image to serve as their query. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. The dotted line shows the average of 50 learning curves where no pretraining on the original reward function had occurred. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. Timestamp is the compile time of the query and is used to prohibit learning from old knowledge. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. In this section we give a brief survey of several developments in both of these directions   , highlighting interesting connections between the two. 1 is to maximize the log-likelihood of the training data. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. The potential relevance of Tweets for Web archive creation has been explored 26. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. To identify friends with similar tastes  , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. The band pass transfer function is given by Equation leaving the DBMS to suspend an affected external sMt or page its buffers when iC is ill the merge phase. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. Different authority transfer weights express different preferences of the user  , translating into personalized ranking. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . The matrix of weights among all users or movies is the user movie correlation matrix. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. In contrast ~o the BIT model  , the RPI model is able to distinguish between different requests using the same query formulation. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. , ow are specified. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. In order to transfer the knowledge smoor;hly  , the state spaces in both the previous and current stages should be consistent with each other. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. 6.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. They show that the transfer function parameters vary smoothly in the work space as a function of the joint positions  , velocities  , and accelerations. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. We use the same LSH- FSD system parameters as 10  , 11  , namely K=13 hashcode bits and L=70 hashtables  , the hashing trick is used with a pool of size 2 18 and we select 2000 tweets and a back-off threshold of bt=0.6 for the variance reduction step. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. During —the first system for homepage finding. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. After index construction  , for similarity name search  , we generate a list of 100 queries using chemical names selected randomly: half from the set of indexed chemical names and half from unindexed chemical names. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. This reduces disk seek costs  , as opposed to fetching the buffers on demand. In addition  , complete identification of the system transfer function is not needed; it suffices to estimate the varying parameters.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. First of all  , it should be mentioned that the values of similarity coefficients between search request formulations determined by means of the measures based on the responses to queries depend on document indexing parameters such as exhaustivity and specificity. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. St ,ep 2: Assuming +at8 the transfer function ofcontrolled system P  s  = Tt'PV  , det ,ermine I<s  , which minimizes masimum model error rmur. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. The remote procedure call function simply transfers control to the other partition through the control protocol  , which causes the free variables to be sent before the actual control transfer occurs. One method of removing robots is to identify them with outliers and remove outliers. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. This query can then be relaxed by breaking it down into tokens. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. The search module exhaustively retrieved the documents which contained any terms/phrases composing the query. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. Each neuron receives as input all the outputs from the previous layer  , and applies a specific weight and a transfer function to this input  , to then pass this result to the neurons in the next layer. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. The distributed outof-core sort makes use of the distributed in-core sort  , which in turn makes use of the local sort. A somewhat different approach to facilitate multiple language comprehension is DSketch. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. This implies that there is no need to introduce very sophisticated word probability models: word probabilities only influence the classification through the class prior On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. This indicates that as long as we obtain at least one correct entity to represent a document  , our sophisticated hierarchical and transversal semantic similarity measure can compete with the state-of-the-art even for very short text. Finally  , NLJoin nested-loop join performs a nested-loop join with join predicate  , pred over its inputs with with the relation produced by left as the outer relation  , and the relation produced by right as the inner relation. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. The above design specifications can be translated into constraints on the nominal openloop transfer function  , Lojw = PojwCjw where Po@ is the nominal plant frequency response. The implementation of query expansion used for TREC-9 differs from this in two main ways. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Calculate angle and distance to the reflecting point by fitting TOFs of the same objects with Formula 3  , and finding L and 60 Fig.4. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. The function @ ,x is the mode shape of the i-th mode and qit is the generalized coordinate of the system. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. For clarity of exposition  , the database operations introduced in Section 3 have been described in a setoriented way  , independent of their integration in a query execution plan. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. WordNet has been used to recognize compound terms and dependencies among terms in these studies. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. Thus  , our first-tier solution was to devise a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. Among non-WebX query expansion methods  , Proper Noun Phrases  , Overlapping Sliding Window OSW  , and CF Terms helped retrieval performance for longer queries. We try to improve system performance by integrating different ranking methods. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. For example  , considering average number of queries  , total time  , and prevalence of such sessions  , common tasks include: discovering more information about a specific topic 6.8 queries  , 13.5 min  , 14% of sessions; comparing products or services 6.8 q  , 24.8 m  , 12%; finding facts about a person 6.9 q  , 4.8 m  , 3.5%; and learning how to perform a task 13 q  , 8.5 m  , 2.5%. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. However  , most of the investigations do not underline the difficulty to estimate the physical parameters of the system using the identified state space or transfer function model. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. At the same time  , changes performed using VE were of the same difficulty requiring a statistically insignificant 7% increase in effort as changes with no #version lines at all &E versus @NONE. Specifically  , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. The parameter γ controls the connection of latent semantic spaces. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. This methods is called " Baseline " in Tables 1 and 2. At each re-training step  , a test set is used to compute the transliteration accuracy  , and the training is continued till the point when transliteration accuracy starts decreasing  , due to over-fitting. Other cases where query expansion helps include the query " depletion or destruction of the rain forest affected the worlds weather " . Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. It can be shown that the transfer function does not remain passive if damping is returned to the system. , GSP 15 and SPADE 21 are based on the Apriori principle 5  and conduct level-by-level candidategeneration-and-tests . Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. For example  , given a " query " user ui  , we recommend items by ranking the predicted ratings V T ui ∈ R n ; when n is large  , such similarity search scheme is apparently an efficiency bottleneck for practical recommender systems 33  , 32. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the semantic similarity score provided by the Ebiquity web service. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. If the binding of the name EMP returns among others an identifier ii  , then the scope in which it makes sense to bind the name SAL is nested If this set is pushed as a new scope onto the stack then the search for bindings for SAL will find the object representing the salary of the given employee  , as required. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. We also are interested in generalizing this work to infer " bounded disorder " : unordered relations whose disorder can be measured as the number of passes of a bubble sort required to make the relation ordered. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. Therefore  , a combined optimizer must consider re6rercer of algebraic expressions that are dependent from each other. Here we introduce methods for estimating costs based on the most crucial cost source  , retrieval quality. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Please note that the willingness  , capability  , and constraint functions are all parametric. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. The topic similarity between pi and uj is calculated as Equation 1. Table 1shows the experimentally determined transfer function for the elbow joint of the left Titan I1 slave manipulator. For many single terms  , temporal significance is implied by their context i.e. When the maxlength is three  , AUPlan has about 85% of the optimal solution. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. Approaches derived from the probabilistic retrieval model are implemented as a summation of " weights " of the query terms that appear in the document  , where the weight is essentially a normalized version of term frequency. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. It is not clear that NLP-based passage trimming offers better potential than simple synonym term based trimming. In Section 4.2  , we give a detailed explanation of how we are able to infer that the result of the sort-merge join is guaranteed to be grouped on c custkey. These triples were generated as follows: We first executed the SPARQL query and randomly selected up to five results from the query answer. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. We remind the reader that NL-SORT is essentially a sort-merge join -the child relation is sorted by its foreign key field and then the parent's clustered primary key index is used to retrieve corresponding parent records in physical order. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. The normalized cost of a plan is defined as the execution cost of the plan divided by the cost of the plan that uses no approximate predicates. On SemSearch ES  , ListSearch and INEX-LD  , where the queries are keyword queries like 'Charles Darwin'  , LeToR methods show significant improvements over FSDM. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. We show that the distance between ORN graphs is an effective measurement of image semantic similarity. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. Typically   , in a similarity search  , a user wants to search for images that are similar to a given query image. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. , most relevant songs e.g. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. Holmes et al. Decrement the utility of entries in T b i that correspond to the property values identified for a worst . We selected a 3rd- order Go so that the output of the controller is continuous. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. Similarity between users is then computed using the Pearson correlation: Rating data is represented as a user × item Matrix R  , with Ru  , i representing the rating given by user u for item i  , if there exists a rating on item i  , or otherwise there will be a null value. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. Semantic teleporting does not deliver the document which contains the wanted phone number but the phone number itself. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. For some WordNet nodes  , they consist of multiple phrases  , e.g. It can be seen that above 0.15 mHz GPS information is transferred from position to the shaping state. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. It Furthermore  , induction of the magnetic circuit results in a first order transfer function that governs the behavior of the output torque. Second  , random attribute value distrihulions arc desirable in order IO provide an unhiased lrcalment of each of the join methods. Much work has been accomplished in applying information retrieval techniques to the candidate link generation problem. , 7  , 8  , 4 . However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. Both methods use query expansion. Query suggestion is closely related to query expansion which extends the original query with new search terms to narrow the scope of the search. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . For example  , to apply RDBMS for merging XML fragments  , we may need to sort the keys at higher levels of XML fragments first  , merge the XML fragments based on the higher-level keys  , and then sort the lower-level keys for each common higher-level key. Depending on the application  , these domains could involve dimensionality equal to if not larger than the number of input vectors. , Ohloh Code since both are using the same underlying search model that is vector space model. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. The FM-INDEX  , introduced by Ferragina and Manzini 6  , is a data structure used for pattern matching. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Given the initial and desired final configurations of the system  , the high level problem is how to get from the initial to the final equivalence region. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. , R-trees. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. In Task B  , we have evaluated our system in query expansion stage. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Our results would seem to indicate that the language model used for query expansion does matter. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. Thus  , it is quite interesting to investigate the similarity search with other distance measures and we would leave it as one of our future work. Finally  , in a study of term sources for query expansion during user-intermediary retrieval  , Spink 4 found that the most effective query expansion terms came from users.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. For example  , if Cr = 0.0005 then a maximum of five results will be retained in a result set from a domain with 10 ,000 documents. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. Whereas the vector space model used in the SMART system has an inherent relationship between term reweighing and query expansion  , the probabilistic model has no built-in provision for query expan- si~ although query expansion is known to be important. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . In a typical machine learning scenario h· would be selected from a pool of possible hypotheses by fitting example pairs of y and ⃗ x. , less than or equal to the sum of the sub-result costs. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. First  , the traditional goal of query expansion has been to improve recall potentially at the expense of precision in a retrieval task. The model obtained at the end of the learning phase represents the portion of the execution space that has been explored. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. After training  , the learned w and the resulting test statistic δ w q ,C ,C  will be applied to new pairs of retrieval functions h test   , h test  of yet unkown relative retrieval quality. Moreover  , personalization of music similarity can be easily enabled in related applications  , where end users with certain information needs in a particular context are able to specify their desirable dimensions to retrieve similar music items. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. , SEIR and EpiFast  , on the other hand  , performs not as well as social media-based methods with small lead time  , but the Pearson correlation does not drop significantly when lead time increases. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. However  , most of the standard similarity measures such as Pearson Correlation Coefficient 16  , Cosine Similarity 17  are too general and not suitable for finding similar document from large databases such as PubMed. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. The diameter function of a part is a mapping between the part's orientation with respect to the gripper and the distance between parallel jaws of the gripper. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. It can be easily seen that the queries for selections . , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . To verify our findings  , we pool viewing time and relevance labels from all queries  , and compute Pearson correlation between them. Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. For the RPI model  , which has been proposed in this paper  , it baa been shown that this model is suited to different kinds of probabilistic indexing. When features could not be extracted i.e. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space. where Ijt is the corresponding source pixel intensity set in projector j at time t  , Sj . In our system we have realized the techniques necessary to support XML represented feature similarity search. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. This can be computationally intensive because the bubble sort needs to  apply to all the branches affected by the change in item fre- quency. In our experiments  , after computing the metrics per user  , we averaged the results over all users and reported the results for Mean Average Precision@k MAP@k and Mean NDCG@k. We varied k from 1 to 10 as this is usually the size of a recommendation list fitting a device's screen. The expansion terms and the original query terms were re-weighted. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. The 1/0 stabilizing decoupling controller for stabilizable rational proper minimum phase and full row range systems of 9  , is used. The corresponding weighting function is as follows. However  , their experiments are not conclusive and their retrieval functions are not shown to be effective and robust enough 28. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. We also explored the effect of a sequence of query expansion iterations. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. Simulation results reveal that uniform tracking performance with ~=0.017 rad one dcgrcc can casily be achicvcd with thc learning factor q chosen somcwhat freely. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. It is important to maintain discipline in this merge  , test  , check-in sequence. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. Example. This is due to very few documents being popular across different regions. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. Three participants spoke about the importance of commencing assessment of text encoding requirements at a higher level of abstraction than the TEI's model of a text as important. A mergesort involves two phases: sorting phase and merge phase. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. The Stack Overflow API is one of the search APIs used in their work  , and their approach captures the context in a similar fashion to the work by Cordeiro et al. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. Figure 4a shows a scatter plot of users for Pearson  , where the horizontal axis is N50  , and the vertical axis represents similarity to the data centroid. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. This plan must be prepared jointly by the computer systems engineers and the eventual user of the system. Thus  , t o compute a stick model of an object  , we first thin the range image of the object  , and then compute a stick description in a manner analogous t o that for fitting superquadrics. Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The derivation leads to theorems and formulae that relate and explain existing IR models. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. Step 3: Query term expansion A method similar to LCA 3 was adopted as a query term expansion technique. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. This is the primary reason why a straightforward approach to personalization  , that consists of learning the model for each user only from that user's past transactions  , fails for the personalization task with the Web data. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. A graph's assortativity coefficient AS is a value in -1 ,1 calculated as the Pearson correlation coefficient of the degrees of all connected node pairs in the graph. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. Example 2. Over all six TREC test sets  , UGM achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BIR. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. Evidence from a variety of sources may be combined using smrctured queries to produce a final probabilistic belief m the relevance of a given document. In 4  , transfer functions for a single-link flexible robot have been presented. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. The most common method used to search for a chemical molecule is substructure search 27   , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructure . Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. , reading one track at a time. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. If it has a function then it should fulfill it the best way possible and I do not think that humanlike appearance is feasible for all aims. " Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. Furthermore  , in contrast to reported analytic techniques based on differential geometry 3 ,4  , 10 ,121  , our method does not require an edge correspondence problem to be solved or a smoothness assumption to be made about the object's surface  , and it produces an integrated  , consistent model from the data. The second issue—semantic equivalence between atomic information units—is challenging because making such judgments requires taking into account context and fine-grained distinctions in meaning. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. Thus planning  ,of graspless manipulation is transformed into finding a path in this C-Space. This method improves search accuracy by combining multiple information sources of one instance  , and actually is not implemented for cross-modal similarity search. The number of expansion terms that worked best with the TREC 2011 qrels is 10 expansion terms for each query term. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Note that the fitting curve and the average error are shown in Fig. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. The start point for the crawl is the home page of the target site. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set.