the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. Query optimization derives a strategy for transmitting and joining these relations in order to minimize query total time or query response time. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. This is different from  , but related to  , the use of constraints in the area of semantic query optimiza- tion CGM88. This is difficult and expensive . 1 Thus  , how to represent both queries and documents in the same semantic space and explore their relevance based on the click logs  , remains a challenge. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. In our work  , we use a rule-based model  , namely noisy indeterministic rules 9 which are particularly appealing  , as they can be learned effectively from experience. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. Each query was run with an initially empty buffer. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. For each node visited do the following. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. Deviations from schema represented paths are called refractions and paths with many refractions are unlikely to be easily anticipated by users  , making them less predictable. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. This is a powerful effect: all prior sort orders are used to break ties this is because stable sort was performed for each block. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. and Next to the folding we introduce operations that re­ move from the systerl1 the vehicles that can visit all the vertices of their mission vectors. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. Finally  , OPS examined the matching trees that emerged from the graph traversal to determine the matching subscriptions. We focus here on the direct use of discovered constraints by the query optimizer. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. So far  , our experiments reveal that the mere finding of the right features for this endeavor remains a challenging problem. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. Figure 4shows the average similarity of25 queries in each set retrieved over the two datasets every 50 seconds using a SUN Ultrasparc 2  , 200 MHz  , with 256MB of RAM. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. , trρ = 1. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. The simulator implements a comprehensive dragline dynamic model. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. As Fuhr and Großjohann 6  note  , however  , such functionality requires operators for relevance-weighted search in place of boolean ones  , as well as DTD-specific information on what constitutes the relevant fragment of markup containing each search hit identified above with #. The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. The amplitude plot contains the amplitude of the data points and transfer functions. , the systeni has no zero dynaniics. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. For instance  , in the following case. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. Siena is an event notification architecture . Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. The vertices depicted with circles are nodes  , and the numbers in the nodes give their capacity. On the other hand  , a time-only ranking as used by Twitter search fails to capture differences in tweets' relevance to the query. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. A final orientation of a part is a stable orientation where at least one edge of the part is aligned with the gripper when fully grasped with a frictionless parallel jaw gripper. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. In this representation  , the computer  , its terminal equipment  , and the system program are treated as a black box. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. To illustrate this  , the data of Sec­ tion 4.2 Fi gure 3a» was Fourier t ransformed to give the data YjOl and UjOl shown i n Figure 4 a. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. Therefore   , in this exploratory study we compare two search interfaces; one where the facets panel is always visible and one where the facets panel is collapsible and thus hidden by default. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. In addition  , in this paper we focus only on the comparison between random search and genetic programming  , in our future work we plan to study random search with the comparison on other repair techniques such as 12  , 5  , 28. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. 7 As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. shows the time needed for query planning and optimization transformation time. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. +  are normalization factors such that Dt+1 and˜Dt+1and˜ and˜Dt+1 remain probability distributions. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Figure 2shows b 12 variables In this approach  , the actual contact forces shall be available via force sensors and assigned to be the desired vector Z  , such that the objective function as shown in Eq. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. They are sorted according to question type and can handle more anchor terms. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. Generate the set of equivalent queries. , April 21–25  , 2008ACM 978-1-60558-085-2/08/04. This is similar to our earlier experiments in the TREC Web track 4  , 5 . As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. 8. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. Finally  , simulation results and performance considerations are presented for the power line maintenance application. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. A book has an introduction  , a number of chapters  , a bibliography and chapter parent title same " Architecture "   , is the set of all chapters of all books titled " Architecture " . This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. BMEcat. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. in the solution. In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. Previously examined by Cui et al. Furthermore  , the number of small SubStNCtureS 1 to 4 atoms can be enormous  , so that even storing only the topmost levels of the tree can require a prohibitively large amount of memory. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. From the foregone information of success matching  , it can get the substring T8 ,9= " is "   , while there is no substring " is " in P1 ,2 ,3 ,4. In our work we use a simple breadth-first-search routine  , modified along the suggestions in 3  , to find a cycle basis for graphs that are allowed to have multiple self-edges and multiple edges between vertices. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. For SQO  , we have to consider the trade-off between the cost of optimization and solution quality i.e. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. The Viterbi program assigns each word in the input sequence a position in the document  , as long as the word appears in the document at least once. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. Updating the taxonomy with new nodes or even new vocabulary each time a new model comes to the market is prohibitively expensive when we are dealing with millions of manufacturers. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. Recent research has demonstrated the utility of modeling relational information for domains such as web analyt- ics 5  , marketing 8 and fraud detection 19. At this point  , the chain is also moved to the tail  , starting at the extreme module e S of the slice and ending at the root lines 10–12. Now we define the evaluation of complex graph patterns by operations on sets of variable assignments similar to 11  , 13. Tuplesn tionally  , a depth first search explores one path deeply  , and thus may find a violation quickly if it serendipitously picks nodes that lead to some violation. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. Similarly  , we weight the query terms according to whether they are sub-concepts or not. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. The CAMBrowser downloads and executes applications written in Simkin  , an XML-based scripting language including support for function calls  , control flow  , arithmetic and basic datatypes 38. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. In this example  , the impedance up to the saturation frequency  , w , ,  , is significantly reduced. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. The dynamics of HSI and TO are assumed to be negligible  , they are modeled as ideal transducers with unity transfer functions. We try to find the answer from the sentence list returned without a match by the pattern matching step. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. The effects described above  , and many more  , can be modeled by a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF 15. For the performance measure we used the Rand Statistic 8  , which measure the agreement between two sets of clusters X and Y for the same set of n objects as: We describe it in more details next. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Substituting this into the relation for Ci and simplifying gives  , This is still a nondimensional equation. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. hill there may exist a better solution. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Methods for resolving lixal redundancy determine joint trajectories from the instantaneous motion needed to follow a desired end-effector path. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . In experiments  , we find an appropriate ¡Û value manually for each dataset. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. For an overview and references  , see the chapters on query optimization in MA831 or UL82. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. The A  , P  , and AP surfaces are mapped to an n-dimensional grid implemented as an n-tree  , and the search for a trajectory with minimum cost is performed in this grid. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. Once we meet an unknown node  , we use its known neighbour nodes to compute its location area as described above and then turn it to a known node. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. Since the resulting impedance of such a system is lower than the minimal constituent impedance  , the role of the control block G  , becomes clear  , and it is the reduction of the high contact impedance of a position controlled robotic system. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. A class of outputs which lead to a minimum phase transfer function for single-link flexible robots have been presented in 8. Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. Two cases have to be distinguished. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. We can see that DBSCAN makes the most mistakes  , whereas both SPARCL and Chameleon do well. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. However  , we can think of static optimization such as determining whether a query or a subquery is type-invalid early by inspecting the type information to avoid useless evaluation over potentially large amounts of irrelevant data. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. These observations support Joachim's experience that the VC-dimension of many text Train  , c = −1 Test  , c = −1 "money-fx.lf" "money-fx.af" This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. In reality  , the hopper may be able to store substantial additional energy due to its horizontal motion. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The controller transfer function is C The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. We use the same LSH- FSD system parameters as 10  , 11  , namely K=13 hashcode bits and L=70 hashtables  , the hashing trick is used with a pool of size 2 18 and we select 2000 tweets and a back-off threshold of bt=0.6 for the variance reduction step. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. Two runs were made. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. These terms can be obtained using KE techniques that identify mentions i.e. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. Guidance was provided to modify the SMM in order to allow for a broader interpretation of relevance 4 RFP 103— " All documents which describe  , refer to  , report on  , or mention any " in-store "   , " on-counter "   , " point of sale "   , or other retail marketing campaign for cigarettes. " At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. A prominent example in which this can happen is a query with a Boolean AND expression if one of the subexpressions returns false and the other one returns an error. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. The parameters of the human hand model are calibrated by the open-loop calibration method based a vision system. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. All the possible axes were permitted except ancestor  , ancestor-self  , following and preceding. Second  , the mechanism actuates orthogonally over the tip load so that actuators never work in opposition with one another in the way that is usual in conventional robots. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Therefore   , distinguishing between different tissues can enhance the volume visualization . We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. 13  , we can from the above equation estimate the time period needed to reach the critical point C Fig. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. Preferences such as interest domain and programming language  , as well as characteristics of the application being developed along with a ranking method would improve the relevance of the returned results. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. In CCM96  an algebraic framework for the optimization of generalized path expressions in an OODBMS is proposed  , including an approach that avoids exponential blow-up in the query optimizer while still offering flexibility in the ordering of operations. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. goal-directed invocation. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " Finally  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained with this motion planning method. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. The presented results are preliminary. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. Word- Net is also used to expand terms with semantically similar concepts  , following an approach similar to 9. Figure 2a and In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world  , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. , the title of tlw puhlic:ltioo aod its d:llc :Iplc:ir  , :md notice is given th~t copyright c; h!y permission of Iw Associ:lti{~n I'or amine two different forms of dimensionality reduction  , Latent Semantic Indexing IS and optimal term selection  , in order to investigate which form of dimensionafity reduction is most effective for the routing problem. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. Joins on a précis pattern are executed in order of decreasing weight. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. the probability distribution keeping the uncertainty maximal. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. The term object type is used to stand for either an entity type or an association type. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. Figure 1: Zero-shot image tagging by hierarchical semantic embedding. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. Refer to Section 3. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Each dimension of the latent space is represented by an entity and the query-document relevance is estimated based on their projections to each dimension. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. When a desired trajectory is given  , the transfer function between the trajectory input and the actual plant output should be unity for perfect tracking. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. function based on this metric to zero. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. , which makes the optimization infeasible. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. All the following described operators consume logical streams. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. While most of the previously proposed control strategies for the single flexible link required only a state space model 1 ,2 ,3  , other control strategies require a transfer function for the system. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: As there is an intersection of the plot with the negative real axis  , the method of the describing function predicts the oscillation. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. To make this clear  , consider a datatype where the lexical space is the set of Turtle documents  , and the value space contains the equivalent classes of RDF graphs according to the OWL 2 RDF-based semantics entailment regime a.k.a OWL 2 Full. It then receives the results of the simulation and creates a final cost to be passed back to the BG module based on rules for combining the output of the individual KD overlays. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. To verify the transfer function of the link in time domain  , a step input of 75 volts was applied to the actuator. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Figure 10: MaxUpdates depending on database size for different relative frequencies of deletions Let P s be the transfer function from the input force U to the output position L . which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Note that the density of turns can be changed by regulating the gap widths of the valley folds  , which results in variation of the final height. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. We stop coarsening the mesh before it degenerates and then apply a random initialization of contacts. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. The action value function in the previous fitage works as a priori knowledge so as to accelerate the learning. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. In fact  , in our example the developer would be likely to have been able to complete the task by analysing the number one element suggested on the second iteration Figure 2. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . As a result  , the precision is significantly improved without sacrificing too much recall. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. Learning by demonstration LBD involves the transfer of skill knowledge from a human or robot demonstrating a task solution and an observing agent. , MFCC and visual semantic features 15 . Using service descriptions provides a powerful way to dynamically add and remove endpoints to the query engine in a manner that is completely transparent to the user. Finally  , the reduction in the number of merge operations from 3 to 2 results in less copying of data  , and thus better performance. 2 In Definition 2.3  , a term is a normalized class of tokens that is included in the system's dictionary. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. In all cities  , we observe the same two main results. Specify individual optimization rules. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . These include: Reweighting query terms Query expansion based on term selection value Query optimization weights anddor selection of terms Threshold optimization. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. The main differences between Apriori and Eclat are how they traverse this tree and how they determine the counter values. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. On one hand  , the breadth-first search methods e.g. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. The optimization on this query is performed twice. By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . In this section we propose additional techniques for exploiting the sort order of correlation bindings by retaining the state of the inner query execution across multiple bindings of the correlation variables. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. Introducing the notion of lossless transmission line  , Anderson and Spong 8 argued that L block can be made to strictly positive real and stable transfer function. See Figure 11for an example plan. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. Conventional query optimizers assume that the first part is negligible compared to the second  , and they try to minimize only the execution cost instead of the total query evaluation cost. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. As suggested by early probabilistic models we argue that analyzing directly unmatched terms may provide additional cues to the relevance of a candidate document to the query. Note that this results in a different transfer function for Mx from that used in the previous works 2 ,9 where Mx was set to unity  , i.e. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. A similar concept is proposed in DeWitt & Gray 92. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. , PrefixSpan 14 and SPAM 1 grow long patterns from short ones by constructing projected databases. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. Based on the closed loop poles and zeros as given in the previous section  , the closed loop transfer function is written as Fig.15shows the performance of the experimental system when zero phase tracking control. With the knowledge of this property  , we further consider that if the names of all ancestors of u can be derived from labelu alone  , then XML path pattern matching can be directly reduced to string matching . For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. Now let where 8 is a small positive number. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. It is no surprise that the speedup of PRIX over due to the use of a full index  , ToXinSca dups depe the query. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. In 10 the content of pages is considered in order to propagate relevance scores only over the subset of links pointing to pages on a specific topic. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. Many provide limited transaction facilities e.g. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. For the baseline method the association score between the document and any candidate mentioned is always equal to 1.0. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. WaveCluster  , after much tweaking of its settings   , came close to finding the visually obvious clusters. Susskind et al. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. The goal of Perspective Folding is to not simply to provide a large field of view but to give a frame of reference around the robot and present cues that peripheral vision and optic flow contribute to locomotion  , perception of self-motion  , and perception of other moving objects. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. In our case studies  , we compare each correspondence {x  , y} in A to a correspondence {x  , y } in a reference alignment R. We use the semantic distance between y and y as a relevance measure for the correspondence {x  , y}. , push  , pop  , transfer  , tests  , but also as a function of nt~ the number of times a terminal t appears in an input string to be parsed. In Figure 1  , we compare these two quantities when γ/μ = 2 as a function of the total observation time T . The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. GP maintains a population of individual programs. While designing controllers it is usual practice to design the current and speed controllers sequentially  , starting from the inner loop  , the resulting inner closed loop transfers function designated as We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. Thus  , when no torque is applied it will return to its zero position. , see Table 1. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. However  , by construction  , these configurations are contained in the same connected component and can be joined by a transfer path. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. 21 the natural frequency un is given by Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. Ambitious optimizers for sequential machines perform numerous transformations that involve deletion  , simplification  , and reordering of the generated code in an attempt to decrease the program's running time and space requirements. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Let us first write the transfer function of the system dynamics for motor position θ as input and link position q as output. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. In particular  , this loop can dramatically reduce the friction felt by the operator and dramatically improve the " transparency " of a teleoperation system. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. This function is accomplished by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol SMTP. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. The optimization in Eq.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. With these abundantly available user online activities   , recommending relevant items can be achieved more efficiently and effectively. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Here the upper indices index the node layer  , and the lower indices index the nodes within each corresponding layer. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. Paths through the block diagram would constitute operation of the entire system  , operation in a particular mode  , or operation of a major function. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . We case-fold in our experiments. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. The objective is to identify features that are correlated with or predictive of the class label. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. This is the well known straight insertion sort. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. The query is interesting because it produces an intermediate result 1676942 facts that is orders of magnitude larger than the final results 888 facts. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The automated behavioral mapping surveillance system was setup to replicate the installation area  , as well as the ambient lighting conditions. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. Its design allows for easy integration into the design and fold patterns for more complex machines that may require bi-stable switches  , actuators  , or valves. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. This reward function gives relatively more priority to reducing the distance to the goal than to reducing the size of the command  , and the robot will apply larger torques to reduce the distance to the goal more quickly. Unfortunately  , due to the exponential growth of the number of subspaces with respect to the dimension of the dataset  , the problem of outlying subspace detection is NPhard by nature. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. A vision servo control for a robotic sewing system has been described. In order to find a winning path  , it suffices to build the graph G and to perform breadth-first search beginning at a start and ending at a goal vertex. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. The FSM stores partial results as the document is parsed sequentially in document order. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. If p is a border object  , no objects are density-reachablefromp and p is assigned to the noise. We developed high speed 128ch simultaneous AD boardFig.5. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Using the semantic relevance values  , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Variations give rise to ambiguity in the data  , and typically result in false negatives. Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. T ?iEW.flT J  , . Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. , slightly lower fitness value. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. However  , within an uncertain interval   , the computational complexity for matching increases. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. With backtracking   , the worst case is that we have to search through the whole tree and the run time become exponential. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. The way to avoid an obstacle differs in two figures  , and these motions can be used as motion can- didates. The definition generation module first extracts definition sentences from the document set. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. If the keywords have a large semantic gap semantic similarity<0.05  , we determine that the doorway page utilizes traffic spam techniques. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. Iceberg queries 7 uments and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. To find a meaningful weighting of a specific set of d dimensions   , Dim  , for a given set of must-link and cannot-link constraints  , further referred to as S&D  , our approach performs hill climbing. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. As another example  , maybe more related to Internet security  , consider parallelized file transfers  , as in the BitTorrent peer-to-peer service. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. The ellipse foot is arranged with its major axis in line with the running direction. As indicated in lo  , using the minimum force objective function  , the force setpoinl  , solutions for all supporting legs show major discontinuitien whenever the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. On the other hand  , at low frequencies in particular at DC  , since the operator can follow the hand controller motion comfortably  , he can always establish almost constant contact forces between his hand and the hand controller. Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. Semantic relevance. With regards to RQ1 cluster stability scores range from 0.20 to 0.96. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. in  Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. By selecting the desired design patterns  , the user is able to receive a report indicating the design patterns found  , and all the elements matching each participant role involved in the pattern. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. But it does not become a subject of this paper so far as an n-a imensional space. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger  , noisier collections than smaller  , well-behaved ones. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. A secondorderdynamicwas foundsuperposed to the integral relation was found  , clearlyshowing the presence of an unnegligible structural deformation . However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. Say that an announced event that matches el is received . The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. , the close loop transfer function is &ago- nal. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. In experiments  , some methods with good performance but time-consuming can not be applied . We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . As mentioned earlier  , the most successful technique has been to apply Viterbi-type search procedure  , and this is the strategy that OCELOT adopts. The transfer function of the system is then: ;   , = 10  , y : ;   , = 20 and YE;  , = 100 the resulting optimal T* is equal to 0.917s. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Using more than one event queue allows a more concurrent handling of events using multiple threads. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . 1. Many tests have been developed in order to measure these various factors of spatial ability. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. However  , if the parameter sort order guaranteed by the parent block is weaker e.g. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. Figure 1illustrates influence and homophily dependencies. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. In this work  , we showed theoretical bounds on the number of fingers needed to grasp and fold string into knots  , while ensuring that the string is held tautly in a polygonal arc. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. where Cz is the transfer function from the error to the control signal. Cui et al. In order for the controller to be proper the order of the denominator of the transfer function is larger than that of the numerator  , the order of GD must be larger than 2. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. In three dimensions  , there exist open and closed chains that can lock 4  , 5  , while  , in dimensions higher than three  , nei­ ther open nor closed chains can lock 6. That is  , first  , the open loop transfer function G , ,Note that the travel  , traverse  , and hoist motions of the crane can be independently controlled using the position servo controller 15. We will expermission to make digitah~rd copies of ;L1l or patl of this motcriid without fee is granted provicicd hot the copies orc not Inaie or distributed for profit or commcrci:d mlv:mt:lgc  , lhu ACM c{pyright/ server notice. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. Hence  , we first remove all functions and type declarations which are private to the terminal. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. This suggests that it is possible to derive transfer functions in the frequency domain describing the dynamics of the system . A particular classifier configuration can be evaluated over a set of over 10000 images with several lights per image by a few hundred computers in under a second. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. Simulation results indicate that the new selected outputs can guarantee the passivity of the flexible link. The transfer function for feh  , when all the mappings of Figure 7are transfer function matrices  , can be written as: Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. They defined an observability index  , e.g. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. The transfer function for the Fy model is: The transfer function for the Fx model is: Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. The expansion and contraction of these arms provide the modules with their only form of motion. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. These parts tend to be shorter. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. Despite encouraging advances in computation and communication performance in recent years  , we are able to perform these activities only on a very small scale. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. As will be discussed in III. D  , this allows us to limit the bandwidth of our controller to be below the natural frequencies of the catheter itself. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Otherwise  , the transfer function 28 should be realized by means of switching circuits or by software. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. The best performing method according to the Fowlkes-Mallows index is folding  , followed by reciprocal election and maxmin. 20 studied different crawling strategies and their impact on page quality. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . The mechanical svstem consists of a D. C. motor attached to is very sinall and is assumed to be zero in obtaining the transfer funct ,ion of the controller. Figure 2a Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. In addition  , it learns the optimal aggregation of these different types of semantic matching to decide on the semantic relevance of a service to a given request. It is shown by our experiments that each selected URL pattern usually matches with a large number of URLs of the same format. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The particular frequency domain profile typical of flexible iiianipulat.or transfer functions iiiade it a good candidate for on-line frequency est ,imation. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. , <formula>  For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. Fan et al. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Character recognition is conducted using template matching. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. The problem of selecting a predictive attribute subset Ω ⊆ C can be attacked as a search problem where each state in the search space represents a distinct subset of C 10 . The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. 15 propose a different method that trades search capability for much less security. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. 3 of the previous section that is  , m-l=3  , the transfer function is Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. Projection heuristics provide an efficient method of projecting a learned sensorimotor mapping into the future to exploit affordances. Query open doesn't have the query subject. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . Near-duplicate detection is different from other Information Retrieval IR tasks in how it defines what it means for two documents to be " similar " . We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. From the physical parameters as shown in Table 1When we design the stabilizing compensator based on Eq. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. S is called the sensitivity transfer function  , and it maps the external forces to the hand controller position. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. Protein Folding. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. Once the score s is found  , it possible to align each frame of the performance with the corresponding event in the score. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. In this section  , we describe a heuristic search strategy for finding a fixel configuration for a particular feature tuple. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. Then we give an overview of how a query is executed; this naturally leads to hub selection and query optimization issues. Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. c Potential field at low output T= 1. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. To initiate the crawl  , we used the search facilities on PornHub to retrieve all users from the 60 largest cities within and the 48 largest cities outside of the USA based on population  , giving us a seed set of 102k users. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . 4.3 on a training data set. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. Sen is defined as the sensitivity of the extender position  , U  ,   , in response to E ,= 200s + 2100 lbf/rad We choose ' c  , = 0.1 so the bandwidth of H1 becomes the same as of E , Successful repairs were generated for each program. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. The results from running CURE can be interpreted in a similar way. By clicking on the fold marker  , the user can switch between an expanded or a collapsed state. For the larger DS4 dataset SPARCL has an order of magnitude faster performance  , showing the real strength of our approach. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. To ensure the significance of our results  , all results shown are the average of a 10 times cross-folding methodology. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. This procedure is formalized in Alg. The XSLT stylesheets are created based on the pDatalog rules. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. Stochastic hill climbing does not examine all successors before deciding how to move. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. We have suggested the virtual angle of rotation as an alternative noncollocated output for the control of a SFL. In other cases words were added or omitted. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. The changes are introduced into the XML 6 A necessarily exponential-time procedure  , in general unless P = NP. semantic integrity constraints and functional dependencies  , for optimization. In this case  , the correspondence between a tree and the query is 4-valued  " t "   , " p "   , " pft  , " f. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. courses  , students  , professors are generated. Note how intricately and compactly the SSEs are interwoven. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. This scheme is called parent replacement. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. External validity is concerned with generalization. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. This is computationally hard and has two main sources of complexity: i combinatorial explosion of possible compositions  , and ii worst-case exponential reasoning. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. This can be achieved by a classical PID-controller. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . Feasible ? When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. Lee et al. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. The spring-damper model is typically employed as a virtual wall and the transfer function from the velocity at the contact point to the command force is given by The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. The corresponding transfer function for the plant is Later  , Pota and Vidyasagar 7 used an assumed modes approach to show that such an output would result in a passive  , and hence  , a minimum phase transfer function provided that the hub inertia is very large or very small in the special case of a uniform beam compared to the beam inertia. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. For example   , LOD ontologies vary widely; they can be very small at the schema level  , shallow  , and poorly axiomatized such as GeoNames  , 1 large with medium depth and medium axiomatization such as in DBpedia  , 2 or large  , deep  , and richly axiomatized such as Yago. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. pressive language. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. There is no other need for cooperation except of the support of the SPARQL protocol. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document. Or for an XQuery that has nested subqueries  , a failed pattern in the inner query should not affect the computations in the outer query discussed more in Section 3.1. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Next  , we embed a tree on Gjvar discarding any cyclic edges. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. Transfer function data appear to have good properties in the the procedure of object identification here presented. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. In the Item Constraint   , a similarity function is needed to measure the similarity of two items. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. syntactic and semantic information . The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. if we are linding shortest distance between points that are farther apgt the effort ratio will be considerably less than 1 and there would be substantial speed UP- Thus  , the ratio of effort in tinding shortest distance between two points p r and p  ? The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. To capture the relevance of item t to the query  , we use some TF/IDF-based features extracted from the top k search results  , D. For example  , snippetDF is the number of snippets in top k search results that contain item t. snippetDF and other frequency-based features are normalized using logf requency + 1. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . The overall system's capabilities 6  , 7 1 may be summarized as follows: i ability to 'pick and place " single and multiple limp material panels without causing damage  , distortion  , deformation or folding of the material  , ii a b i l i to operate with a reliability of 2 99%  , iii ability to perform material manipulation at a rate of 2 12 paneldminute as required by the industry' with a maximum manipulation rate of about 22 panels per minute  , iv abilii to handle the entire stack or a desired number of panels in a stack of material  , and  , v abillty to handle a wide variety of limp materials such as fabric  , leather  , sheet metals etc. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. The above equation does not include joint friction. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. 13 for query q. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. We then redefine each function which is owned by the terminal to be a call on a protocol transfer function: the name of the function and its parameters are passed to the remote-function-call function. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Example 2. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. The transient performance has been dramatically improved as indicated in the error power spectrum as well as the error plot in the time domain. Checking for missing connections is done by a breadth-first search of the connectors in the model. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. An enumerative search strategy is first characterized by the choice of the next state to apply an action on  , performed by the setNextState method  , which determines in which way the states are investigated. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. In view of the lot related objective function  , it is not necessary to model the movement of individual transfer lots. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. Matching 15: is a query model relying on a single primitive: tree inclusion. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. In general  , on level : 1 is created by joining the nodes in -with those in   , 2 for every node   , is defined and then linked to . For the velocity loop  , the transfer function is: Ct 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. In this paper  , we propose a deep learning based advisor-advisee relationships 1 http://genealogy.math.ndsu.nodak.edu/index.php 2 http://academictree.org/ 3 http://phdtree.org/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Kamali et.al. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Thus  , each profile can express specific and general user interests  , respectively. In one line of work  , the concentration of social online activity is used to determine interesting geographic regions of cities. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. For example  , a mapping in the coordinate space of a dictionary which contains two identical elements would result in two identical coefficients  , each corresponding to the contribution of one of the identical dictionary elements. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. For this modularity  , we pay the penalty of inefficient query optimizers that do not tightly couple alternate query generation with cost-based optimization . It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. , 18  , 21. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. Spatial ability was measured by the Paper Folding tests and Stumpf's Cube Perspectives Test. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. The Keynote robot can generate a request multiple times a minute  , 24 hours a day  , 7 days a week  , skewing the statistics about the number of sessions  , page hits  , and exit pages last page at each session. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. , a stack. Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. Tree-Pattern Matching. The meet-over-all-valid-paths solution MVP n for a CFG node n describes the variable values immediately before the execution of n. This solution is defined as s ≈ 14 i particle Table 1: Identifier-definitions for selected identifiers and namespaces extracted from the English Wikipedia  , the accumulated score s and the human relevance rankings confirmed    , partly confirmed    , not sure   and incorrect  . It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. Some of this discrepancy will be due to the cost of the additional machine operations  , and on a modern small computer some of the time will be due to cache misses and pipeline flushes. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. The second component is a set of queries that might reasonably be applied to that collection. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. edge in the APT. We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. The corresponding mapping from classified hand postures to Barrett configurations is selected offline in advance. Typically  , each axis will have its own servo controller to allow it to track reference inputs. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. In the CTPN model  , the mapping transitions are drawn as m. 20 focuses on the optimization of the top-k queries. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning  , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. When there exist no modeling errors  , i.e. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. , they do not include query optimization overhead. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. SPARQL is a query language for RDF based on graph pattern matching  , which is defined in 4. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. A key component of this measure. , pat. The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. The human force f is a function of human arm impedance H  , whereas the load force is a function of load dynamics  , i.e. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. As the goal function to be optimized in hill-climbing  , ℐ is considered better if the facets of ℐ have both smaller pair-wise similarities and smaller navigational costs than that of ℐ line 14. To this end we use a semantic metric that given a pair of words or phrases returns a normalized score reflecting the degree to which their meanings are related. Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Alternate approaches have to be found to make the transfer function appear passive for the case when is large. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. Even though there is a single continuous period 1993–2010  , it is represented in two different triples that both intersect the interval in the query 1997  , 2003. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. For this purpose  , first  , a transfer function maps from possible voxel values to RGBA space  , defined by colors and opacity red  , green  , blue  , alpha. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. In the following discussion  , we design an observer for 2 which is x-axis element of n o m 8  , the transfer function from Xd to z can be The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. 7shows the transfer of center of gravity of Brachiator111 calculated from each measuring point. Collingbourne et al. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small.