Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 30. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . 10 . However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. 7. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. 2014. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Generative model. , ridge regularization method 12. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. We need to compute the correlation between the smell vectors and the air quality vectors. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. 243–318 for an introduction. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. , array of floating point values. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. , L  , and therefore the input and output layers have as many nodes as the number of topics used to model these sets  , K Q and K QA respectively. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. Our method does not require any labeled training data. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. , with the ranks used in place of scores. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. Berberich et al. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. Ester et al. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. II. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. S! " One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. By the language of model selection  , it is to select a model best fitting the given corpus and having good capability of generality. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. The optimization on this query is performed twice. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . 4first out queue called Q in Fig. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Thus solving the graph search problem in It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. Joint Objective. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . Let a and b be two vectors of n elements. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. , The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. to any application. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN .  Query execution. In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. We repeat iterative step s times. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . Dynamic programming. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . Yan et al. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. To enable this some training is typically needed. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. the user leaving the ad landing page. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. , γ j . Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Shannon Entropy is defined as We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. Breaking the Optimization Task. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. RQ6 b. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. Test II: Combined Models. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . Note that value iteration can be considered as a form of Dynamic Programming. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. Yokoi et al. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. 2. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. UDCombine1. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. is non-proper. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. 1a and 1b. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. likelihood function. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. an MS-Word document. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . Are users highly focused i.e. This can be perceived from results already. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. a =in order Eps' . This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Experiment 1. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. All runs are compared to pLSA. Then  , the following relation exists between However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. classes in PLSA. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . 11. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. , are provided by the Access Service itself. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. their mAP values: For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. special effects. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. The first assumption in 12 requires that Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . The above question can be reformulated as follows. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Fast Fourier Transform. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Figure 2awas taken from these data. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor.