A technique that can be used to alleviate the impact of the above problems is by identifying phrases in the query and translating them using a phrase dictionary. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. For these tests  , the ceiling was left off to aid in viewing  , but would in practice provide information for the fitting routine. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. Instead  , the map is created with consideration to where the ASRs are with respect to each other and the robot. Hereby  , +1 denotes 100% consensus and -1 denotes completely opposed rating behavior. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. This fact does not reflect correlations of features such as substitutability or compensability . These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . On the other hand  , the green curve quasi-steady model is symmetric with respect to its local maxima so the quasi-steady model does not distinguish between the stroke acceleration phase and the stroke deceleration phase. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Our initial approach is motivated by heuristic methods used in traditional vector-space information retrieval. CAD e.g. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. , 15. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. We can observe that LSSH can significantly outperform baseline methods on both cross-modal similarity search tasks which verifies the effectiveness of LSSH. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. This provides the needed document ranking function. The WHIRL system 9  computes ranked results of queries with similarity joins  , but uses an extensional semantics. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. For evaluation  , we used the CLIR data released at the FIRE 1 workshop  , 2008. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. The cost of the path from the reference host  , ~  , to node ~ along a particular path  , Pk  , is represented by f~oPk. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. Two variants are proposed: 1 average-based regularization that targets to minimize the difference between a user's latent factors and average of that of his/her friends; 2 individual-based regularization that focuses on latent factor difference between a user and each of his/her friends. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. Due to the much longer split-phase durations that result from excessive disk seeks  , as seen in Section 5.1  , replacement selection repll is almost always slower than Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. Recent work by Godefroid et al 11  , 25 explores DART  , a symbolic execution approach that integrates random input generation. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. Thus  , a query and a document  , represented as vectors in the lower-dimensional semantic space  , can still have a high similarity even if they do not share any term. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. Thus  , each agent acquired its action rules in or der to appro­ priately use those rules in various situations. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . We then perform a random walk over the graph  , using query-URLquery transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. As expected   , the QE method using a word translation model TM1 fails to improve the search performance. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. In order to perform accurate positioning  , Dudek and Mackenzie 2 composed sonar based maps where explicit model objects were constructed out of sonar reading distribution in space.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. Table 8  , both in terms of the number of languages being covered and the number of alignment units available e.g. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. We further examined whether COGENT score is fundamentally unpredictive of coreness or its poor performance should be attributed to the fact that it outputs a single score and consequently  , the downstream classifier is restricted to a single feature. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. In fact  , a class profile can be seen as an approximative unigram Language Model for the documents in that particular class. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. Active constraints prevent µ max from being further increased by the optimization. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. Thus  , we can save some cost on similarity search. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. We further calculate per topic difference of nDCG@10 between RL3/RL4 and RL2. The result images are sorted by ORN distances. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. Despite encouraging advances in computation and communication performance in recent years  , we are able to perform these activities only on a very small scale. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Finally  , the third recursive case concerns the availability of both negative and positive examples. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. This optimal change forms the new state of the system and the search procedure repeats until convergence. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. Another important operation that is supported is contentbased similarity retrieval. Thus we test one retrieval model belonging to this category. A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. The information and operations accessible through each role searcher  , provider  , indexer can be used to facilitate different types of breaches. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. We present a simple path planning method called RRT-Connect that combines Rapidly-exploring Random Trees RRTs 18 with a simple greedy heuristic that aggressively tries to connect two trees  , one from the initial configuration and the other from the goal. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. The TREC-2002 CLIR track will continue to focus on searching Arabic. In addition to having to find a number in the vicinity of " 1 million square miles "   , we also need to account for the fact that the passage may talk about square kilometers  , or acres. The DS1 and DS2 curves differ significantly: DS2 contains about twice as many documents which contain no popular shingles at all. Our second contribution is quantifying this temporal intention based on the enhanced model. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. The use of keywords limits the search to files that might be relevant. Dictionary-based translation is often easier way to implement query translation than the methods based on the comparable documents or the parallel corpora  , as these are not readily available. This value is the effect of the system used during the search  , plus random error. Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. In that case  , the response time will be even longer. For example  , a sentence Q = w1  , w2  , w3  , ..  , wn will be transformed into a sentence matrix M ∈ R n×m where n is the length of sentence and m is the dimensionality of vector representation. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. The fully connected AE is a basic form of an autoencoder. have been automatically extra.cted from Boolean queries  , and also where dependencies have been extracted from phrases derived from natural language queries by the user. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. Search complexity refers to the number of steps taken to initially locate a goal state. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. Phrase identification probably favoured the baseline queries. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. It encompasses cultural heritage generally and is envisaged as 'semantic glue' mediating between different sources and types of information. The major difference between our approach and structural query translation is that ours uses translation probabilities while the other treats all translations as equals. The right graph in Figure 2plots the single-assessor and pyramid F-scores for each individual Other question from all submitted runs. Figure 2shows b 12 variables We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. The idea of constructing search trees from the initial and goal configurations comes from classical AI bidirectional search  , and an overview of its use in previous motion planning methods appears in 12 . Without loss of generality  , the chi-square test 8 is employed to identify concrete itemsets by statistically evaluating the dependency among items in individual itemsets . Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. For one Web site  , when a page is presented in the browser window  , the passage positioned in the middle area of the window is regarded as a query  , and similarity-based retrieval is done for the other Web site. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. 4 Yahoo! Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. Because query segmentation is potentially ambiguous  , we are interested in assessing the probability of a query segmentation under some probability distribution: P S|θ. We propagate the M ik = 1 entries as-is in W s   , but importantly  , set all M ik = 0 entries to a random number r in the range 0  , 1  , instead of 0. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. 14shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. Eichmann et al. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. We argue that these parameters should be adjusted more accurately and depend on the purpose target click-metric and market. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. , " Microsoft "  and the partial address  " New York  , NY "   , individually  , the combined query has much fewer high-similarity matches. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. We apply random walks up to a restricted number of steps. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset. The second view is to use labels or tags based on clusters as an alternative classification scheme. The weighted average of the user's last few link selections is passed to the search engine; results are then dynamically combined into a hypertext document. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. This is also our ongoing work. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. The contact event sets for the classifier are modeled as multinomial distributions 29 with nominal labels assigned to each event class. The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Our CLIR participation involved both the French and English queries and included experiments with the merging strategy. For instance  , for the Robust test collection  , improvement in Kendall-τ is on average 10% for the full set of systems and it rises to 25% for the top 30 best performing systems. Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. Additionally  , problems associated with cavity drag during retraction may be somewhat decreased when the water runner can move forward and the foot pulls out from the cavity more along the entry path. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. Pheromone decay is: Since the initial exploration of the search space is usually random set  , the value of the initial phases is not very informative and it is important for the system to slowly forget it. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. In addition to this hypothesis  , if we assume Proposition 2 the visits to a page are done by random users  , we can analyze the popularity evolution for the search-dominant model. , the percentage of right classifications of our approach by realizing all properties occurring in the QALD- 2 benchmark. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. The method employs a mapping of the unknown interaction forces into a generalized force in the configuration space of a continuum segment. Clinchant8 expands the standard language modeling approach by representing more than one language in the document model and then using a meta-dictionary in order to build a matching multi-language query model. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. As these predictors incorporate free parameters  , we apply a train-test approach to set the values of the parameters. However  , directly use these similarity metrics to detect content reuse in large collections would be very expensive. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. Step 5 is improved using a model selection criterium to mitigate the over-fitting problem. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. Next the encoders were reset  , so the robot viewed the new location as the origin  , and a second evidence grid was built. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. Because this problem requires that the number of customer segments to be limited  , we call it the bounded segmentation problem BSP. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. The amount of computation depends not only on the number of parts and how they are interconnected  , but also on the solution to AND/OR graph. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords  , such as genes or diseases  , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. We used depth-first search DFS as the basis for PRSS in this paper; we plan to explore the use of variants of breadth-first search in future work. Folded testing. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Technical terms and proper names are often untranslatable due to the limited coverage of translation dictionaries. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. , most relevant songs e.g. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. These experiences can then lead the robot to explore interesting areas in the solution space rather than randomly searching without any experiences at the early stage of learning. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. The goal for any search is to return documents that are most similar to the query  , ordered by their similarity score. These video features include motion features e.g. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Pose orientation error was determined by measuring Ihe angular deviation of an axis of the model from the known ground truth axis direction. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. To ensure inter-reliability  , the researchers tested 10 websites respectively  , and then conducted cross-checks. Proceedings of the 23rd VLDB Conference Athens  , Greece  , 1997 Pang  , Carey and Livny PCL93a  first studied dynamic memory adjustment for sorting and proposed memory adjustment strategies for external mergesort. For example  , we can study the semantic similarity between relevant documents and derive an IR model to rank documents based on their pairwise semantic similarity. To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. To be able to search for long  , meaningful paths  , we have replaced the current few citations with a list of randomly created citations 1 to 10 random citations to papers selected from all of the previous years in the knowledge base  , using a normal distribution. We also Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. From the week-long sample of search sessions described in Section 3.1  , we generate a dataset for our re-ranking experiments. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. A query used for approximate string search finds from a collection of strings those similar to a given string. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. If a call graph contains no cycles  , it is guaranteed that all functions in the call graph will be annotated. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. These features include the sum of the mouse cursor positions' intra-distances  , both inside and outside the KM display as well as overall  , which indicate how compact or dispersed is the distribution of mouse cursor positions. Based on the above mentioned three factors  , the relevance score of resource a for keywords K is computed by First  , N Ra  , ki is the normalized Ra  , ki in the range 0  , 1  , which reflects the the number of meaningful semantic path instances. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. This observation has led to the development of cross-lingual query expansion CLQE techniques 2  , 16  , 18. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. 3d. However  , the problem on how those edit costs are obtained is still unsolved. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. We expect better results when the initial concept recognition is more complete. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. This could imply that with more examples to learn from  , users are more focused on a general model and less able to keep in mind particular cases. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. Pass zero of the standard external sort routine reads in b pages of the data  , sorts the records across those b pages say  , using quicksort   , and writes the b sorted pages out as a b-length sorted run. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. c Potential field at low output T= 1. etfidf: This simple baseline is to use cosine similarity between query and resources in tfidf scheme. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. Since we predict cascade statistics  , our work also relates to research on fitting empirical data to parsimonious statistical models 1  , 5 . We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. Contributions and Organization: We have just formally defined " researcher recommendation "   , an instance of " similar entity search " for the academic domain. This is the criterion used in the examples in Figures We discarded the leading one second of each trial to remove any transient effects. This will be published in the near future. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. Glance 12 thus uses the overlap of result URLs as the similarity measure instead of the document content. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. Table 5shows the MAP results using translated queries for search. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. , 1994; Thompson  , 1990. Creation of a state-based model typically requires merging similar concrete-class events occurring at different traces and " folding " several concrete-class events occurring at different time stamps within a trace into one. A different approach is to derive a reduced-order dynamical manipulator model 6. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. Limiting the queue size limits the worst case storage requirements and performance of the al- gorithm. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. In this paper  , in order to cope with a personal variety of the shape of the body  , a surface model  , which fits the bedridden person  , is imported to the tracking system . Multilingual data merging needs to be addressed in this work because the CLIR track requires a single ranked list of retrieved documents from data collections in four languages. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. The line fitting error can be approximated by circular Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. Most of the previous research on predicting ad clickthrough focuses on learning from the content of displayed ads e.g. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Given a query q and a document d  , the relevance score between q and d is modeled as: Given is a document-aligned comparable corpus in two languages LS and LT with vocabularies V S and V T . Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. Bing search engine. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. Instead of starting from scratch  , work by Mahadevan and Connell  l l  exploited the success of already developed primitive behaviors to learn a task. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Furthermore  , ExpoMF with content covariates outperforms a state-of-the-art document recommendation model 30. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. , the top 1 ,000 search result images from search engines  , and edges are weighted based on their pairwise visual similarity. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. 3.11M 7.4% of these are for documents which were classified as Single/In Window/Episodic in the previous section i.e. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. Many participating research teams reported results for word-only indexing  , making that condition useful as a baseline. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. These methods do not easily generalize to other distance metrics or general similarity measures. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. Model Parameters. Fitting the proposed model to POS data  , interesting and practically important results are obtained. In this paper we can only show path snapshots; movies can be found at http://www .cs.tamu.edu/faculty/amato/dsmft. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. During test case generation  , choosing transitions and input signals was performed at random. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. After this threshold the mixed hyProximity is a better choice. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: Other formulations of the general problem are what the data mining community calls " all pairs " search 1 and what the database community calls set similarity join 13. Next  , the constrained convolutional policy was compared with an ad-hoc policy on different grid-sizes. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. Over the decades  , many different retrieval models have been proposed and studied  , including the vector space model 16  , 17  , the classic probabilistic model 7  , 13  , 14 and the language modeling approach 12  , 19. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. 2 In Definition 2.3  , a term is a normalized class of tokens that is included in the system's dictionary. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . To make this clear  , consider a datatype where the lexical space is the set of Turtle documents  , and the value space contains the equivalent classes of RDF graphs according to the OWL 2 RDF-based semantics entailment regime a.k.a OWL 2 Full. After training  , the learned w and the resulting test statistic δ w q ,C ,C  will be applied to new pairs of retrieval functions h test   , h test  of yet unkown relative retrieval quality. We identified twenty high-output research institutions consisting of six private and fourteen public institutions using SPSSgenerated random numbers and matching them to institutions in the Carnegie Classification: Research Universities – Very High Research Activity group 1. The non-overlapping modules corresponding to the initial configuration lie inside the loop while those corresponding to the final Configuration lie outside the loop. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. 2 As for coverage  , SNRS has a stable performance of around 0.7. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. ing e.g. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . The results suggest that learning to identify successful interaction patterns between a predictable grasp controller and a class of object geometries is more efficient than learning a control policy from scratch Q-learning. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. The execution term of each oscillation motion per one action is two peri­ ods. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: Our insight on parallelization opportunities emerged from our recent investigation of how the order in which a state-space is searched influences the cost and effectiveness of detecting errors 6 . the cutting blade. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. In CLIR systems  , interactive components are crucial to accomplish search tasks 2. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. This is also observed in our experiments. They use a probabilistic retrieval model which assumes that the user generates the query from an ideal internal representation of a relevant document. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. We have proven theorems stating both types of relationships  , including the example above. 's simulated annealing solver. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . We enabled English stemming for all runs and did not use any stopword lists. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. This work explores and validates the architecture by means of an autonomic data center prototype called Unity that employs three design patterns: a selfconfiguration design pattern for goal-driven self assembly  , a selfhealing design pattern that employs sentinels and a simple cluster re-generation strategy  , and a self-optimization design pattern that uses utility functions to express high-level objectives. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. Each Chinese query was segmented into words using the segmenters as described above  , the Chinese stop words were then removed from each Chinese query. The link is checked for the first obstacle and moved accordingly. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. Kendall-τ penalizes disordering of high-performance and low-performance system pairs equally. Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. A camera is positioned above the table with its visual axis forming an angle of 30° with the vertical  , in a way that the target edge appears at the lower edge of the acquired image. The symbol NONE stands for the pure exact ellipsoid evaluation without using any approxima- tion. Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. In return  , the robot obtains two substantial benefits in terms of its spatial knowledge. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. This included an outline highlighting the viewable area of the Web page based on the dimensions of the Web browser viewport  , since this would change according to the users' screen resolution and their scrolling. In light of these problems  , we have not yet implemented a sufficiently complete narrowing function in EXPRESS. Assess models and reliability: After fitting our defect models   , we measure how well a model can discriminate between the potential response using the Area Under the receiver operating characteristic Curve AUC 17. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Figs. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. 3 and to map text information into DVs for social information related music dimensions 13  , a supervised learning based scheme  , called CompositeMap  , is developed to generate a new feature space. Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In addition  , we expect random access latencies to improve over time as developers continue to improve HDFS. Users can also express complex queries  , where full-text  , fielded  , and similarity search is conveniently combined. It is not clear that NLP-based passage trimming offers better potential than simple synonym term based trimming. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. For example  , if we make the rather uncommon query " How do I remove tree sap from my car ? " Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. Given a nominal part shape with bounded shape uncertainty  , does the planner always return an orienting plan when one exists and indicate failure when no plan exists ? Given a word w i   , the context words are the words appearing to the left or right of w i within a window of size m. We define the set of active regions A = {r  , MAIN} where MAIN is a placeholder location corresponding to the global embedding and is always included in the set of active regions. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. This suggests that head-up-down correlates with arousal. The NECLA team submitted four automatic runs to the 2012 track. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , It is important to note that some web archives including the Internet Archive do not provide fulltext search  , hence this approach is not applicable for them. As there is no analytical method available for the solution of differential equations  , the problem is solved by numerical method. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. In this section  , we construct a robust controller for uncertainties and load fluctuations with recursive Lyapunov-based design. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation:  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. For questions with the Qtargets Q-WHY-FAMOUS  , Q-WHY-FAMOUS-PERSON  , Q-SYNONYM  , and others  , the parser also provides qargs—information helpful for matching: following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. The interleaving of random testing and concolic execution thus uses both the capacity of random testing to inexpensively generate deep program states through long program executions and the capability of concolic testing to exhaustively and symbolically search for new paths with a limited looka- head. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. The Sogou 2012 query log contains 42.17M search result clicks in total. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. , setting aside the results of the Ad Hoc Pool  , we obtain a Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient of 0.927 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.577  , 0.989. A larger user study has already been designed and is underway. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . The construction of a semantic space with RI is as follows: Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. Our newly proposed similarity measurement features graph structure well  , and can be combined with frequent subgraph mining to handle graph-based similarity search. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. In the searching step  , we test the variables using an α-investing rule and in a sequential manner. The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. In this way the searcher has to fetch a page after every search attempt to search for the next word. The stopping point of the recursion is the second rule for an empty sequence type. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. Comparative evaluation of PMI and CHI or IG in CLIR was not reported before. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. The disjunctions of certain reduced atomic index terms would then be query cluster representatives. For each project-investor pair  , we predict whether the investor supports the project prediction is 1 or not prediction is 0. One approach to generating such suggestions is to find all pairs of similar queries based on the similarity of the search results for those queries 19. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Mapping. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. the probability distribution keeping the uncertainty maximal. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . Voronoi diagrams are surfaces constructed in such a way as to be equidistant from the obstacles and  , thus  , moving along these surfaces  , there is the certainty of not encountering any obstacles lo. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. For example  , a page's du value can be increased by folding in the stationary distribution of a random walk that resets to only that page  , exactly analogous to increasing and propagating yu. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. SIGIR '99 6/99 Berkley  , CA  , USA 0 1999 ACM l-5611%096-1/99/0007. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. In addition  , to better understand the directionality of the features   , we also report in Pearson product moment correlation   , and the point-biserial correlation in the case of the classifier  , between the feature values and the ground truth labels in our dataset. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. The resulting model further increased performance by a +22% in terms of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , and +12.88% for K. Tau. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. T h e P C M framework has the advantage that it allows a variety of optimization criteria t o be expressed in a unified manner so that the optimal sensorbased plan can be generated for interception. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? The ad-hoc policy results in probabilistic updates  , and a search based on manually generated heuristics and some random actions 23. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. It was then shown in 5 that Q-learning in general case may have an exponential computational complexity. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. By averaging the values of pixels having the same y-coordinate in the stripe region  , an array of 24 intensity values along the stripe region in the x direction is obtained. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: x ≡ q ∈ IR 27  For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. As a key factor for efficient performance  , it must be careful about random accesses to index structures  , because random accesses are one or two orders of magnitude more expensive than the amortized cost of a sequential access. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. The visiting strategy of new web pages usually characterises the purpose of the system. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. In fact  , dictionary is a carrier of knowledge expression and storage  , which involves almost all information about vocabulary  , namely static information. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. In order to minimize experimenter bias during the selection of photos for the Search Task  , we had a computer randomly select the photos from each subject's collection. This design allowed us to block on experienced/novice users in our assessment of the systems. The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. When the maxlength is three  , AUPlan has about 85% of the optimal solution. It is evident from this table that  , both DO and HSA  , are the most efficient metrics to compute compared to MAP and perplexity. To verify our findings  , we pool viewing time and relevance labels from all queries  , and compute Pearson correlation between them. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Usually  , there are other desirable properties for a path in addition to the basic requirement that it be collision-free. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. This includes issues of persistent storage  , efficient reasoning  , data mediation  , scalability  , distribution of data  , fault tolerance and security. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. Representing the feature space of a topic with the proposed framework in the polar coordinate system enhances the standard Euclidean vector space representation in two main aspects: 1 by providing a strength of the relative semantic relevance of a feature to a topic; 2 by augmenting the possible orientations of such relevance to the topic. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. These results give a set of clusters of measures that have high correlation across a simulated document collection. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. Assignment to a cluster center is achieved using hillclimbing on the same density landscape. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Each internal node has q children  , and each child is associated with a discriminating function: Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. The similarity between the user profile vector and page category vector is then used to re-rank search results: We ran our Chinese-English experiments after the English- French experiments with the goal of confirming our results using a different language pair  , so we made a few changes to reduce computational costs. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. 1  , 0.99 is employed. , for all k  , d k ∈ l1  , s1. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . The challenge of translation extraction lies in how to estimate the similarity between a query term and each extracted translation candidate solely based on the search-result pages. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. We formulated the time-dependent semantic similarity model into the format of kernel functions using the marginalized kernel technique  , which can discover the explicit and implicit semantic similarities effectively. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. , at high cumulative probability thresholds that Darwish and Oard reported 4. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. The performance function Pn is approximated as Pn = ag + UJ n + a2 n2 see figure 4Based on recent measurement pairs P ,n the coefficients ai are estimated using a recursive least-square estimator with exponentially fading memory Young  , 19841. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. Typically one to three dimensions account for this much variance  , but our result is comparable to similar analyses of large matrices 24. Notice that LSA representations for diierent K form a nested sequence   , which is not true for the statistical models which are expected to capture a larger variety of reasonable de- compositions. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. There have been several recent studies suggesting that a large percentage of web browsing sessions start by a visit to a search engine  , expressing a query for their need  , and following links suggested by the search engine. However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. In order to keep the size of the induced lexicon manageable  , a threshold 0.01 was used to discard low probability translations. In this work  , we make use of both embedding types in form of entity embeddings Word2Vec and entity-context embeddings Doc2Vec to improve entity disambiguation . Roughly speaking  , overall classification accuracy climbs up to 80.15% when all features are adopted. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. Berberich et al. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. The random determination of step size allows discontinuous jumps in the parameter interval  , and then golden section is used to control the search direction. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. In our implementation  , we use breadth-first search in the space of representative actions to find the shortest sequence of fence rotations to orient the part. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. The rightmost thread contains the discussion in hypertext system in the late 80's such as hypertext system implementation Topic 166 and 224 and formal defintion of hypertext system using petrinet Topic 232. The implementation of ARTOO solves infinite recursion in the field distance by cutting the recursive calculation after a fixed number of steps 2 in the case of the results presented in the next section . Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. There are  , however  , important differences. Furthermore  , in contrast to reported analytic techniques based on differential geometry 3 ,4  , 10 ,121  , our method does not require an edge correspondence problem to be solved or a smoothness assumption to be made about the object's surface  , and it produces an integrated  , consistent model from the data. The acquisition of open-domain knowledge relies on unstructured text available within a combination of Web documents maintained by  , and search queries submitted to the Google search engine. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. , slightly lower fitness value. We demonstrated a novel ranking mechanism  , RACE  , to Rank the compAct Connected trEes  , by taking into account both structural similarity from the DB viewpoint and textual similarity from the IR point of view. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. It or at least make explicit  , these heuristic judgments by developing models of queries and documents that could be used to deduce appropriate retrieval strategies. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. Table 3summarises the results of our " swap " experiments using the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese and Japanese data. As shown in the following experiments  , the best model on current data may have bad performances on future data  , in other words  , P M  is changing and we could never estimate the true P M  and when and how it would change. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. We propose two independently developed methods for topic discovery based on the Linked Data. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. Figure 1 shows the two essential mappings for skillful object manipulation. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the semantic similarity score provided by the Ebiquity web service. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? The WSJ  , FT  , SJMN  , and LA collections are used for testing whether the parameters optimized on AP can be used consistently on other collections. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The sparsity parameter value has been adjusted to tune the model. In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. First  , if the class label of the document is given  , denoted as y d   , we represent the document in the topic space as The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. It is first extended for similarity match on subsequences 5  , and further extended for similarity match that allows transformation such as scaling and time warp- ing 9  , 8. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. In Section 2  , we present our transliteration techniques. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. Therefore  , according to Model 2  , the function of a document re-trieval system is to compute for each patron the probability that he will judge a document having the properties that he sought relevant; and then to rank the output ac- cordingly. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. Overlap  , distinct overlap  , and the Pearson correlation of query frequencies for Personal Finance and Music are shown in Figure 10and Figure 11. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. Search quality is measured by recall. The above equation does not include joint friction. Although printable sensors may lack the robust structural strength and reliability of other sensors  , they have many potential applications such as low-cost rapid prototyping and manufacturing of customized designs in residential homes. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. As a weight we use the number of queries participating in the calculation of the metric signal this number is di↵erent for each experiment. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. So exhaustively selecting a query that maximizes the expected utility is computationally very intensive and is infeasible for most interesting problems. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. , near duplicates are assigned to the same hash value with a high probability p 1 . For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. For example  , " violation " in query #56 is translated to the more common " " rather than " -- " . Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. As an example  , suppose if we have 100 pairs on the scene to grasp and if we misclassify top 5 pairs  , we might just end up with a classifier with 95% classification accuracy; whereas  , if we use NDCG as the measure with k = 10  , i.e. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Hence  , we reduce σ iteratively in OD such that the amount of reduction in σ is proportional to the increase in the accumulative structural coverage obtained by the generated test suites line 21. Students and professionals were treated separately. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. For example  , the context around Obama during elections is quite different from the context for presidential speech or international visit. Without relevant information  , term weighting function2  , was simplified to IDF-like function. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. The task of similar question retrieval implies ranking the pairs contained in the QA Corpora C according to their similarity to a query question q *   , producing a partially ordered set C such that its first element has the highest similarity the top  , say  , ten elements of which can then be returned as suggestions. Statistical significance test i.e. descendant represents a flatten-structure transformation using descendant axis and constructs a tree whose size is 66.7% of the input XML data. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. We constructed a meta-search interface that searched both systems and combined the results on a single page. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. The amoeba simplex optimization technique 9 was used to modify the controller parameters and guide the search for optima. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. We observed a high variance in success rates between programs. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. In this case  , the correspondence between a tree and the query is 4-valued  " t "   , " p "   , " pft  , " f. hill there may exist a better solution. On the other hand  , in 9 it is shown that a random query sample of 650 queries is sufficient to reliably estimate if a search engine is better than another search engine. To be able to rank a document we needed to specify both the relevant and irrelevant probability distributions for a term  , so we need priors for both. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. The model we have explored thus far assumes that users make visit to pages only by querying a search engineFigure 12: Influence of the extent of random surfing. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. In the case of folding  , the original ranking is respected by preferring higher ranked items as representatives over lower ranked items. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. Two very important parts of this formulation  , which are often overlooked or not present in similar models  , are feature weighting and the feature smoothing. Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. There are something good and something bad. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. McCarley  , 1999 studied both query and document translations and concluded the combination of the two translations can improve retrieval performance. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. Our group has begun the use of these similarity measures for visualizing relationships among resources in search query results 13. In that event the gradient descent search can quickly descend toward a goal configuration. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. GP is ultimately a heuristic-guided random search; the success rate in some sense measures the difficulty of finding the solution. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. So  , if we consider that the user started the walk at some document  , it is usually possible to find even candidates not directly mentioned in this document. Lin et al. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. More recently the generalized vector space model has shown good potential for CLIR 6. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. With backtracking   , the worst case is that we have to search through the whole tree and the run time become exponential. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Consider the following piece of code: In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. Then  , we compare R missing  with each of the elements in R search  and R co−occurring  to demonstrate the best possible similarity. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. To evaluate the resulting context vectors  , we manually constructed a search query incorporating the ambiguous word and its most discriminating related words for each major word sense found. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. As proper names and technical terms are very important in many information retrieval queries  , for dictionary-based CLIR between Japanese and English  , it is imperative that foreign words be properly transliterated into and out of katakana. This is intuitive  , because the less information there is to explain user behavior each query occurred only once and no clicks were observed  , the more NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns to rely on ranks. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. Given a transition from query qs to query q d   , predict whether it is a specialization or generalization. Integrating Queries and Browsing. They do not  , however  , further pursue this aspect. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. Executing an action with a high Q-value in the current state does not necessarily return an immediate high reward  , but the future actions will very likely return a high cumulative reward. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. More interestingly  , the pages consisted of grammatically well-formed German sentences  , stitched together at random. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. Depending on the language  , it may be possible to deduce appropriate transliterated translations automatically. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. In our work we use a simple breadth-first-search routine  , modified along the suggestions in 3  , to find a cycle basis for graphs that are allowed to have multiple self-edges and multiple edges between vertices. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. An MPEG-7 description contains low level features to be used for similarity search  , conceptual content descriptions  , usage rights  , creation time information  , etc. An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. Also note that we report the perplexity normalized by the total query length. The model image shows the results of surfacing from range data. The start point for the crawl is the home page of the target site. The polarity task is to locate blog posts that express an idea either positive or negative about a target. This leads us to the conclusion that the contribution metric seems to capture different aspects of research performance than citation counts. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . Their research also supports the findings of Hull and Grefenstette 14 that phrase translations are important for CLIR. The RNNs in the models are implemented using LSTM in Keras. In GroupLens  , for example  , users were asked to rate Usenet news articles on a scale from 1 very bad to 5 very good. In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. As a result  , in terms of one tSk  , 2 N leaf nodes are generated and correspond t o tentative states. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. Based on the bag-of-word representation and tf idf weighting scheme  , we calculated cosine similarity between expanded queries and the contents of resources. Barraquand and Latombe 901 have used random search techniques to overcome the problem of high dimensionality . The labels show the topic numbers. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. Recently  , in 19  , routing indices stored at each peer are used for P2P similarity search. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. In Figure 2  , we show two examples of ranking modules both by estimated and actual number of post-release defects. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. Furthermore  , the search in OASIS is driven by a suffix tree  , which results in significant pruning of the search space. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The conventional approach to supporting similarity search in high-dimensional vector space can be broadly classified into two categories. Central to most item-oriented approaches is a similarity measure between items  , where s ij denotes the similarity of i and j. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. These triples were generated as follows: We first executed the SPARQL query and randomly selected up to five results from the query answer. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . As suggested by early probabilistic models we argue that analyzing directly unmatched terms may provide additional cues to the relevance of a candidate document to the query. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. Finally  , queries are performed on the Organic. Lingua document collections. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. At this point the search can stop. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. Ongoing research includes word sense disambiguation  , phrasal translation and thesauri enrichment. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. This is difficult and expensive . The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. These observations support Joachim's experience that the VC-dimension of many text Train  , c = −1 Test  , c = −1 "money-fx.lf" "money-fx.af" The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. Thus  , before computing these correlations  , we first apply a logarithm transformation on the scholar popularity and feature values to reduce their large variability as in 17. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. , we merged collections of English  , French  , German  , and Italian documents into a single multilingual data collection  , and indexed the multilingual collection. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. Translating pieces of words seems odd. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. The most common method used to search for a chemical molecule is substructure search 27   , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructure . if f is recursively defined   , the meaning of f is given by the least fixed point of the higher-order and non-recursive function Af.e see Sch86 . McCarley found that merging ranked lists generated using query translation and document translation yielded improved mean average precision over that achieved by either approach alone 11  , which suggests that bidirectional techniques are worth exploring . This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger  , noisier collections than smaller  , well-behaved ones. The Pearson correlation of AP with all four model parameters the row denoted by " Combined "  is relatively high  , suggesting that the model captures important aspects of the topic difficulty. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. Therefore  , their introduction does not alter the set of execution traces specified by the model. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. However  , the sample size of 25 is close to the lower bound of 30 suggested in texts as " sufficiently large " . The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. , query language to the target i.e. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. In addition to the classical IR tasks  , cross-language IR CLIR also requires that the query or the documents 7 be translated from a language into another. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. Second  , we assess the extent to which the topical preferences emanating from the 12 metrics align with human assessments. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. Thus  , their popularity is less influenced by the venues where they publish. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. For certain full-text retrieval systems  , the ideal probabilistic model assumed in the Theorem is not always appropriate. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. In many cases  , the presence of trivial modifications make such detection difficult  , since a simple equality test no longer suffices. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. On questions QALD-2  , about the same number of queries are improved and hurt. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. An alternative to embedding document priors into the retrieval system's similarity metric is to augment the query to include terms that might appear in documents that have higher prior probability of relevance. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. RQ4. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. , a small rock on the right side while climbing a big hill. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to propose such a solution. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. , the elements of assembly cx~ntrol strategy space U ,. Additionally   , we test two decoding evaluation setups of search space rescoring and redecoding. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We sort  , in descending order  , the samples in rSample based on their scores so that in the sub-tree of node cSample = {s 1   , s 2 }  , sample s 4 and s 5 will be added first followed by s 3 and s 6 . The crawl occurred in January  , 2002 and was made to mimic the way a real search service of the .gov pages might make a crawl. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. In general these strategies yield performance scores in the range of 50 to 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. This approach provides a more precise result type  , and the resulting expression does not require useless evaluation with respect to the type information. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. This method is for validating the efficacy of the most common similarity measure. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. Random-surfer model Section 4: We assume that Web users discover new pages purely by surfing randomly on the Web  , just following links. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. A similar idea has been applied successfully to statistical language modeling 5  , showing improved performance of the cache language model. These scores are determined according to the Optimal Transposition Index OTI method 4  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations. A pair of concepts is a mapping suggestion if the similarity value is equal to or higher than a given threshold value. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. average indexing weights  , document frequencies  automatically in non-co-operating environments 1. " We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. The original motivation of this work was to build an effective ranking function for usenet searches involving queries relevant to Microsoft products. Since all words share the embedding space  , semantic similarity between words may be computed both monolingually and across languages. Table 1lists the average precision across 11 recall points for both the homogeneous collections and the heterogeneous collections. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. In particular  , if there are many non-informative attributes or if complex models are used  , the problem of over-fitting will be alleviated by reducing dimensions. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. Further experiments with larger datasets and more realistic queries are required to evaluate the practical implications of this theoretical advantage. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from 1 and Spearmans ρ distance to sort all the objects with respect to an arbitrary query object we obtain the same sequence in inverse order  , as Figure 1b shows. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. In experiments  , some methods with good performance but time-consuming can not be applied . Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. On the other hand  , a time-only ranking as used by Twitter search fails to capture differences in tweets' relevance to the query. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. This is our estimate for the runtime frequency of the path. Note that the plane fitting test could be as well used as a verification method in the event that no compatible scene vertices were detected. In this work  , we propose to use hashing methods to address the efficiency problem. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. The latter requires a human interpreter to identify the concepts in the requests. However  , we employ clickthrough query-document pairs to improve segmentation accuracy and further refine the retrieval model by utilizing probabilistic query segmentation. For example  , searching utilities frequently are character-set neutral we use the MG system 8  , 11  , but expect that these observations apply more generally. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. The search module exhaustively retrieved the documents which contained any terms/phrases composing the query. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. , for run files in external merge sort G 03. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. During the optimization of a single query  , the optimizer issues several access path requests henceforth called index requests  , or simply requests for different subqueries . Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. , experts  , non-experts  , and the automated computation scheme  , are considered as vectors where each component may adopt values between 1 and 4. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. One approach to achieving this is to defer merging until after retrieval has taken place and fuse document rankings instead. Each randomized search used a distinct seed generated from a pseudo-random sequence  , and was limited to one hour of execution time and 2GB of memory  , with the exception of BoundedBuffer. Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. As a result  , a query written in a source language likely has an equivalent in a query log in the target language. Recursive use of something like a 2-place cons function quickly palls - cons94301  , cons94302  , cons94303  , cons94304  , cons94306 In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. We also wondered whether users from one culture were more likely to choose popular tags. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. This low storage requirement in turn translates to higher search efficiency. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Enumerative search techniques are very inefficient as the search space becomes too large to explore. To initiate the crawl  , we used the search facilities on PornHub to retrieve all users from the 60 largest cities within and the 48 largest cities outside of the USA based on population  , giving us a seed set of 102k users. Davison pioneered a study 13 over about 100 ,000 pages sampled from the repository of a research search engine called DiscoWeb. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. , GSP 15 and SPADE 21 are based on the Apriori principle 5  and conduct level-by-level candidategeneration-and-tests . Just as h ~ m a n fingers explore objects in non-random patterns , In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Note that the fitting curve and the average error are shown in Fig. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. Overall  , 30% of Search Quality sites and 50% of Safe Browsing sites rank low enough to receive limited search traction. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. Futher research o n similarity search applications should elaborate the observation that the notion of similarity often depend from the data point and the users intentions and so could be not uniquely predeened. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . We investigate query translation based CLIR here. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. it works for any unordered data structure. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. With bad fitting models  , it is often the case that multiple assumptions fail simultaneously  , and the plots exhibit non-random patterns. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . For the English-French CLIR experiments  , we computed the mean average precision MAP over 50 queries formulated from the CLEF 2001 topic set Topics 41-90. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph  , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. On an existing e-commerce system  , a query can retrieve a set of related products i.e. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. It should be noted that the control condition in our experiment was designed to be particularly difficult  , much harder than random search. The prediction value is the Pearson correlation between the original normalized scores in the list and the new scores. Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. The word distribution of each topic reveals different themes underlying a corpus while the topic distribution θ d of a document characterizes the themes the document is associated with. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. One area for future work is to improve our retrieval model by incorporating contextual information for better term translation. In other words  , query translation may cause deterioration of CLIR performance. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. We also evaluated the response time for similarity name search  , illustrated in Figure 11. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. 9c Because the large folding actually happened  , the 3D position corresponding to the shoulder node was far from the position of the model shape. Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. We also show this in the demo. We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. A second experiment dealt with score normalisation. Typical full-text indexing e.g. This measure should therefore be used in the end-user applications  , as the users can typically consult only a limited number of top-ranked suggestions. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. As a similarity measure  , the commonly used Pearson correlation coefficient is chosen. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. in our data we compare: #followers  , #followees  , #posts  , #days on Twitter  , #posts per day and ownership of a personal website. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. For DE→EN  , QR achieves almost the same MAP compared to using OQ  , which demonstrates the usefulness of QR for CLIR. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. As in 13  , we choose Pearson correlation as it is amenable to mathematical optimization. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. Finally  , we consider the effects of the parameters available in each technique. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. We evaluate the six graph models using the Facebook graphs listed in Table 1 . Using the semantic relevance values  , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. This is due to very few documents being popular across different regions. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. In this paper  , we employ a new Q-learning method  , termed DFQL  , to facilitate real-time dynamic learning and control of mobile robots. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Dowtmard and upward recursions cannot bs in the same function definition. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. We observe that the queries may be classified into three categories: 1 5 queries that have both monolingual and CLIR result of average precision lower than 0.1 #58  , #61  , #67  , #69  , and #77. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. The actual definition of the term significance weight is Pt; = liD  , which is the probability that term i is assigned to document representative D. For term i in document j  , the term significance weight is referred to by s;j and the resulting ranking function is Model fitting. In the second stage  , we compute all those documents which contain these lexical chains with the use of this index. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. In particular   , for an ambiguous query such as eclipse  , the search engine could either take the probability ranking principle approach of taking the " best guess " intent and showing the results  , or it could choose to present search results that maximize the probability of a user with a random intent finding at least one relevant document on the results page. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. There is some evidence that RTs can be useful in retrieval situations. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. 31 described a system for Mandarin Chinese voice search and reported " excellent performance on typical spoken search queries under a variety of accents and acoustic conditions. " We evaluate our query translation models using TREC collections . Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. For the fixed-uncertainty minimum-time optimization the search tree is expanded until the desired uncertainty is reached. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. Overlaid on the video  , the observers could see a curve displaying their recent evaluation history See Figure 2-Bottom. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. 2001. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Metrics. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. The open question to date is if there even exists a way to publish search logs in a perturbed fashion in a manner that is simultaneously useful and private. , K − 1  , avoiding the binary search. This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Such systems typically work by using an image example to initiate the search. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. The whole collection can now be viewed as a set of x  , y pairs  , which can be viewed as samples from a probabilistic model. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. We can see that list materialization improved the search performance. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. Cui et al. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. However  , when the attribute vectors that describe objects are in very high dimensional space  , these supervised ordering methods are degraded in prediction performance . We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. Grossman et al. For gq  , p  , hq  , q0 ∈ 0  , 1  , we apply a sigmoid/logistic function given by σ· = 1 1+e −· . The sequence length here is that the average number of iterations per calculation is indeed quite close to 1. With two straightforward rules  , we have a declar* tive program that derives CDS/function pairs from the similarity facts for a sequence. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. In this paper  , we adopt the approach taken in 12  , where controlled queries are created  , as opposed to probabilistically generating random queries as suggested in 3 . The Non-relevant model P d l |θN  is defined in the same way. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Since our task is classification  , we optimize for the deviance loss function 9. To this end we use a semantic metric that given a pair of words or phrases returns a normalized score reflecting the degree to which their meanings are related. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. For X being a counterargument  , it should be The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. a and y of Equation 1 are assigned 0.1 and 0.9 respectively. In a typical machine learning scenario h· would be selected from a pool of possible hypotheses by fitting example pairs of y and ⃗ x. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. This is the measure we use in this paper which we refer to as RankMass. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. , in the case of reconnaissance . It can save computational time and storage space. We plan to study this possibility in future work. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. The goodness of fit test of the model was not significant p=0.64 meaning that predicted and observed data matrixes did resemble each other. Darwish later extended Kwok's formulation to handle the case in which translation probabilities are available by weighting the TF and DF computations  , an approach he called probabilistic structured queries PSQ 4 Guidance was provided to modify the SMM in order to allow for a broader interpretation of relevance 4 RFP 103— " All documents which describe  , refer to  , report on  , or mention any " in-store "   , " on-counter "   , " point of sale "   , or other retail marketing campaign for cigarettes. " Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. As Figure 10 shows  , once a page starts to get noticed by Web users  , its popularity can jump almost immediately as long as the page is of high quality. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. The authors apply an ontology during the construction of a vector space representation by mapping terms in documents to ontology concepts and then aggregating concepts based on the concept hierarchy  , which is called concept selection and aggregation COSA. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. The constants σ i of the final model are intended to be universal constants that should be applicable to a wider range of parameters not explicitly tested in our experiment. Thus  , TNG is not only a topic model that uses phrases  , but also help linguists discover meaningful phrases in right context  , in a completely probabilistic manner. In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Initial work on randomized motion planning exploited a potential field to drive the search for a path in the configuration space  , and combined gradient-based motions and random walks to escape local minima 3. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. The Indri toolkit www.lemurproject.org was used for experiments. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. we perform a breadth first search. The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: 22  study a number of heuristics for landmark selection   , and report a centrality-based heuristic to work best across their experiments. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. To verify that  , we compute the Pearson correlation between a street segment's unpleasant smells as per Formula 4 in Section 4 and the segment's sentiment. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. , June 5 to 11. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. In Section 5 we test the performance of our model on the cross-language retrieval task of TREC9  , and compare our performance with results reported by other researchers. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. However  , Andrea Arcuri and Lionel Briand found that GenProg often searched valid patches in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts to work. In contrast  , a content-based information retrieval system CBIR system identifies the images most similar to a given query image or query sketch  , i.e. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. Thus  , we are presented with a difficult choice: if the data is represented in original format using the inverted index  , it is less effective for performing documentto-document similarity search; on the other hand  , when the data is transformed using latent semantic indexing  , we have a data set which cannot be indexed effectively. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model. tasks. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . Much work has been accomplished in applying information retrieval techniques to the candidate link generation problem. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. The right image shows some small acceptable rocks on the right  , a 1 m to 20 crn deep from left to right step down at 5 m  , and a 45" hill at 10 m. Obstacle detection is quite reliable. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. Rosetta uses real-time document translation and incremental indexing to accommodate live content. The cases where the difference is significant are marked with an asterisk sign in Table 2. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. the rows are in depth-first order of the nodes in the subtree. 510 queries drawn from a held-out mix of frequent and random HSC queries were used to test this subweb. The policy is clearly sub-optimal because it does not try to raise the Acrobot's endpoint above the goal height directly once sufficient energy has been pumped into the system. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. The similarity between two users is calculated based on their rating scores on the set of commonly rated items. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. The columns of each table show the Mean Average Precision  , the Precisions at 5  , 10  , 20  , and 30  , the Average Recall  , the Average R-Precision  , and the number of queries that have been performed. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835  , 117  , 954  , or about 835 million  , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. Based on the user similarity  , missing rating corresponding to a given user-item pair can be derived by computing a weighted combination of the ratings upon the same item from similar users. Search results which produce pages of links create an implicit association among the pages  , insofar as the returned pages contain the words given  , but such an association can be distinct from a person's context informing the choice of those terms. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. In the experiments in this section  , we investigate how attention affects learning and recognition of cluttered scenes. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. The findings can inform librarians  , information scientists  , and IR system designers of the needs  , requirements  , and approaches to enhance cross-language controlled vocabularies  , and improve search engines to provide users with more relevant results. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. It is still conceivable  , however  , that the iterative program may terminate and return some value even though the recursive program does not. Instead of trying to achieve a simple two-step procedure  , the novel ranking function  , revenue direct-optimization  , aims to directly maximize the approximate empirical revenue. Further  , fitting w using a power law with exponential cutoff as described above results in a model requiring only three parameters that provides explanations nearly identical in quality to the model produced by pointwise inference of w at all possible lo- cations. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. Our generative multi-class approach outputs a natural ranking of words based on a more interpretable probabilistic model 1. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. Rare queries are those difficult tail queries in search engines that appeared very few times. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. Similarity search has become an important technique in many information retrieval applications such as search and recommendation. However  , as shown in various submissions to the CLIR tracks of TREC  , researchers often failed to locate resources  , either free or commercial  , for translating directly between major Hence in Figure 1 we connect the Functional variation dimension in the problem space to the Nominal flow change dimension in the solution space. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. the Pearson correlation coefficient 8 rR 1   , R 2  = 0.57  , meaning that star-shaped cascades are more likely to exhibit a largely shared topic than chain-shaped ones. Based on this idea  , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. A brief introduction to word embedding. All these observations  , however  , have to wait for experimental confirmation. Mezaris et al. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. For each query q  , we set the similarity score with respect to general domain class as 1  , and after normalizing similarity scores with respect to all five classes  , we can obtain a soft query classification. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Users can browse and re-search with facets on the facet tree and panel. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies   , namely migration and emulation. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. If the target community exists for the seed set  , then according to 6  , this target community would serve as a bottleneck for the probability to be spread out. Thus for both full generality and for tree outputting an explicitly maintained global stack is demanded. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. However  , having the facets visible at all times did not introduce usability issues either. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. It must drop the left Q-value of .9 all the way down to say .119  , while moving the 0 up to .5. For example   , ;a somewhat more thorough version of the optimizer might repeat the original three phases a second time. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. The commonly used similarity metrics are Pearson correlation coefficient 5 and cosine similarity 1. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. We developed an application  , ljclipper  , to restrict the overall friends graph to that induced by a subset of nodes of fixed number  , found using breadth-first search starting from a given seed. This means that the search space exploration time complexity is Ologn * 2 |q| . In the Q-learning  , the value of the state that is closer to goal state is higher. In this section  , we will provide a version of the back­ stepping based on the Razumikhin function for the time-delay systems 1. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. Evaluations on Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR  , which consists of retrieving documents written in one language using queries written in another language  , is another interest. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. 37 Some of the probabilistic models described in the literature have recently been compared and unified 38  , and a new  , ultimate probabilistic model has been proposed which makes maximum use of all available information without implicitly making assumptions about any unknown data. These descriptors compared by a distance function seem to very well correspond to the human perception of general visual similarity. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. Document vectors of the foreign language i.e. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. All subjects are male  , had an average age of 23  , 3 years on line search experience  , and average FA-1 Controlled Associations score of 28.6 and VZ-1 paper folding score 15. Search procedure: To find an orienting plan  , we perform a breadth-first search of an AND/OR tree lS . Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. The services determine a ranked list of domain-specific ontologies considerable for reuse based on string similarity and semantic similarity measures  , such as synonyms in 4 also on manual user evaluations of suggested ontologies. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. But the use of random reflections has been limited to bouncing. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. For the official CLIR runs we tried these following configurations: For the post-hoc experiments  , we used PSE  , pre-translation query expansion  , one of four methods Pirkola's method  , Weighted TF  , Weighted DF  , or Weighted TF/DF  , and a probability threshold that was varied between 0.1 and 0.7 in increments of 0.1. This restriction can easily be removed to allow the vehicle to select the best path. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. The resulting similarity using corrected vectors is known as the Pearson correlation between users  , as follows. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. For example  , Arguello et al. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. Contemporary visions of how robots will be used in daily life include many situations in which people interact and share their space with not only one  , but multiple  , robots. While the scores produced by latent semantic models have demonstrated a strong correlation with document relevance  , they are just the " tip of the iceberg " in capturing the relation between a query and document. File services in NOSE are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CDKK85. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. We further present two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk for ranking different objects simultaneously. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. A value of 1.65 R was found  , as compared to the datasheet value of 1.33 Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. In a similar way  , upon our sample  , our methodology has identified two types of users: those who are privacy-concerned minority and those who belong to the pragmatic majority. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. CH3COOH . Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , This gap has occasioned effort to relate these two models 7  , 8. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. Not all selected Fig. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. Due to the availability of the language resources needed for Arabic dictionary and parallel corpora aligned at sentence level 1  English was selected as test languages. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. In order to quantify the sensitivity of the results we ran a Spearman correlation between the actual and estimated defect densities. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. This indicates that as long as we obtain at least one correct entity to represent a document  , our sophisticated hierarchical and transversal semantic similarity measure can compete with the state-of-the-art even for very short text. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. See 12 for further details about subjects' browsing behavior. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. We considered the logarithms of the last two attributes because their distributions are skewed. View forests 15 are capable of expressing any query in the XQueryCore that does not refer to element order  , use recursive functions or use is/is not operators. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. Bilingual dictionaries have been used in several CLIR experiments. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. In Figure 3  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid read quorum. Some categories have a high Pearson correlation. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Random wa l k i s a n a p p r o ximation technique of searching only a portion of the reachable nodes on the execution tree. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. Table 1summarizes the results. Experiment 1. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. To further test the quality of the suggested queries  , CLQS system is used as a query " translation " system in CLIR tasks. In such a case  , thanks to using date windows  , the alignments could be extended without the need to discard old pairs. Along the lines of semantic similarity  , PMI-IR Turney 2001  used PMI scores based on search engine results to assess similarity of two words. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. Furthermore  , MMR is agnostic to the specific similarity metrics used  , which indeed allows for flexibility  , but makes no indication as to the choice of similarity metrics for Sim1 and Sim2 that are compatible with each other and also appropriate for good performance. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. There were no significant correlations between subjects' estimates of recall and their estimates of time  , or actual time taken. In the previous section we have introduced the general functionality of the CS and its logical architecture. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. After that  , Candidate Page Getter puts them to search engine API. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. As the goal function to be optimized in hill-climbing  , ℐ is considered better if the facets of ℐ have both smaller pair-wise similarities and smaller navigational costs than that of ℐ line 14. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. Discovery date. We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. Tab.2  , B represents the Pearson correlation matrix of the pairs of the five domain features over the small dataset. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. However  , recent studies show that CLIR results can be better than monolingual retrieval results 24. If a term occurs more than once  , it is given a value of one for the binary indecendence model. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. The exploration cost measures how well the policy performs on the target task. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. Figure 3shows the recursive procedure  , which is based upon depth--rst search. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. There have been some recent efforts to model temporally-varying links to improve automatic discovery of relational communities or groups 4  , 15 but this work has not attempted to exploit the temporal link information in a classification context . We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise location similarity information. The advantage of this calculation is its efficiency  , compared to that of WM1. In general  , the initial first-and second-order statistics are estimated through global self-localization GSL. The " full " model is trained on all observed names across all 129 years whereas the " slidingwindow " models consist of a series of submodels each of which is trained using observations for a given year +/-a window of 4 years: 1880 1888  , 1889 1897  ,   , 2000 20088. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. \Ve also tried several alternate exploration strategies 12 including recency-based  , counter­ based  , and error-based exploration. The "empirical" rewards obtained in the simulation are used to update the expected value of taking the action -in other words to update the current approxi­ mation Q. , cluster-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient SCBPCC 19  , the Aspect Model AM 7  , 'Personality Diagnosis' PD 12  and the user-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 1. Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. For an environment depicted in Fig. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. , as provided by Solr 2  analyzes the contents of each text page performing lexical transforms such as case folding  , stop-word removal and stemming and creates for each term an index entry with references to the pages on which the term appears see Figure 1   , top. The presented results are preliminary. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. 10 . Within the WSMT we cater for such users and provide them with additional features including syntax highlighting  , syntax completion  , in line error notification  , content folding and bracket highlighting. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. We found that the two metrics are slightly correlated Pearson r = 0.3584. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. It propagates the reward backward only one step. This feature  , however  , was not included for the video library described below for funding and bandwidth reasons. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. Simulation results reveal that uniform tracking performance with ~=0.017 rad one dcgrcc can casily be achicvcd with thc learning factor q chosen somcwhat freely. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. From the 259 ,794 sites in the data set  , the leaf nodes were removed  , leaving 153 ,127 sites. In this paper  , we presented the method  , development  , and usage of self-folding electric devices. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. The above formula is obtained by just assuming that the probability that an instance is positive is equal to the product of probability  , Pr+|F a Pr+|Ea. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. For example  , if we take a random set of words out of a book  , we are working in the space of all strings over a certain alphabet  , but in this particular case we are much more likely to encounter some strings  , like " the "   , than others  , like " xyzzy " . MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. Each step of the search issues two successive calls t o a random number generator. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. In Model 2  , probability of relevance is interpreted relative to a subset of document properties. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. However  , this definition does not account for dangling nodes i.e. Our empirical study of 56 multithreaded Java programs showed that random variations in the search order give rise to enormous variations in the cost to find an error across a space. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. The impression is borne out by correlation measures. An estimatc of the exploration cost  , denoted R  , is used during learning and is calculated using the current estimate of the Q-valucs  , Q  s   , a  . The experimental results are in Table 1. Many problems in machine translation  , information retrieval  , text classification can be modeled as one based on the relation between two spaces. Data page size is 4096 bytes. The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. of document pairs for which a re-ranking method reverses the orders by the search engine  , over all the document pairs from the test sessions. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. Even though the folding pathways pro­ vided by PRMs cannot be explicitly associated with actual timesteps  , they do provide us with a temporal ordering. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. The above recursive equation hierarchically performs temporal segmentation of the time series i.e. In particular   , the experiments concerned the induction and performance evaluation of rules for the identification of the class of a document  , according to its logical components organized in a logical structure. Still  , these repositories need to keep evolving in order to avoid techniques over-fitting the body of artifacts available and to better represent the universe of artifacts. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. Finally  , rather than acquiring bilateral word translations  , our focus lies on assigning subwords to interlingual semantic identifiers. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. We refer the readers to the paper in 1 for details. In our experiments  , we identify that on an average 50% of the protocols detected have size 3 or more precedence length 2 or more which cannot be detected by these approaches scalably. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. These values are listed in Table II. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. At each re-training step  , a test set is used to compute the transliteration accuracy  , and the training is continued till the point when transliteration accuracy starts decreasing  , due to over-fitting. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. Preferences such as interest domain and programming language  , as well as characteristics of the application being developed along with a ranking method would improve the relevance of the returned results. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. Parallel Learning. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Heuristic function h 0 evaluates all nodes equally so it has no heuristic power and does not provide any guidance. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We also presented a method of translation selection based on the cohesion among translation words. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. They proposed a similarity measure that uses shortest path length  , depth and local density in a taxonomy. The result was quite similar to the hill climbing heuristic  , but it skipped many important blocks in some of the cases. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. Popular non-averagereward-based learning techniques such as Q learning are effective at the action level  , but not at the task level  , because they do not induce cooperation  , understood as the division of labor according to function and/or location. A key component of the retrieval model is probabilistic translation from terms in a document to terms in a query. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. These joints fold only downward  , and have a physical stop to prevent them from folding upwards. To do this  , we use the following strategy: We sort the input leaf set according to the pre-order of tree T. Starting with an empty tree T   , we insert nodes into the tree in order. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. , binary independence model 1 and language model e.g. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. To correct this effect  , we further issued a random sample of 118 queries to Google's search engine with site restriction to Yahoo! unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. For this task  , we can use all features preceding the onset and also the features of the onset itself  , such as the condition type e.g. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. An offline evaluation was not conducted because it had not been able to calculate any differences based on trigger. After submissions began  , the echo Step Five  , multimodal search began  , including predictive coding features  , with iterated training. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . where X and Y are the vectors of ranked lists; E is the expectation ; σ is the standard deviation; and µ is the mean 6. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. Figure 3shows the endpoints of the rays superimposed on the ground truth model for one of the simulated models. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity.