For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. From Figure 3  , it follows that  , on the entire query set  , FSDM performs better than SDM on a larger number of topics than vice versa  , with the most significant difference on SemSearch ES query set. This can be perceived from results already. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. 10 . Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. 2014. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. Generative model. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. If the forest has T trees  , then A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. ? We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. 243–318 for an introduction. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. WE metrics using word2vec 4. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. tasks. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. p~ ~  ,. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. According to the theory of general fixedpoint equations in complete dioids  , we have y = ca%u  , where h = ca% is the transfer function matrix of the system. Then  , the following relation exists between Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. , to edit them. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. , 2010. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. courses  , students  , professors are generated. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. FE-NN1 is based on the standard Demspter's rule and the true pignistic Shannon entropy. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. , with the ranks used in place of scores. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Also  , some approaches would face difficulty mapping the expression die from to the object property dbo:deathCause linking dbo:Person and dbo:Disease concepts. Figure 4shows an example. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. In this paper  , we have introduced a novel pooling method R 2 FP  , together with its local and global versions  , for extracting features from feature maps learned through a sparse autoencoder. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. White et al. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Yokoi et al. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. With L = W   , we can have: Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. , are provided by the Access Service itself. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. Thus solving the graph search problem in , do not allow online update of parameters. Joint Objective. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. It therefore seems to be a good candidate for further study  , and an appropriate choice if a method However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. to any application. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures.  Query execution. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. Pair Potentials. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. We repeat iterative step s times. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. Dynamic programming. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. Fagin et al. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that  , when he I used it  , it worked. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. Selectors can be used in two places: to pad the initial keyword query  , and to rerank the candidate passages. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. fol " .tif. " In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. To enable this some training is typically needed. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. Figure 2will settle to a state which minimizes the sum of the error in the estimate and the negative of the Shannon entropy. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. quality of indexing  , or of relevance judgement influencing the retrieval outputs 1 ,18. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. The deviance is a comparative statistic. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. RQ6 b. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. Our approach consists of two steps. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. CLIR performance observed for this query set. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . Consider a two class classification problem. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. We call this tree the LSH Tree. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. Test II: Combined Models. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. , the percentage of right classifications of our approach by realizing all properties occurring in the QALD- 2 benchmark. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. However  , the application is completely different. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. Realizing the vision of autonomic computing is necessarily a worldwide cooperative enterprise  , one that will yield great societal rewards in the near-term  , medium-term and long-term. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . It Wu et al. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. All runs are compared to pLSA. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. We followed Chapelle et al. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . classes in PLSA. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. Based on inspection from results in Fig. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. Learning. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. their mAP values: These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. 11. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. The first assumption in 12 requires that Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . The above question can be reformulated as follows. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. II. The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. i.e.