Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. Text is provided for convenience. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. In the context of deductive databases. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins.  Neural Responding Machine. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. It complements the conventional query optimization phase.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. We showed the optimization of a simple query. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . Query optimization in general is still a big problem. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. This section is divided into four subsections. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. query execution time. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. What happens when considering complex queries ? MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time.