Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. We will explain several groups of features below. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. Parallel Learning. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. How do we get this jump into picking up articles that really do not contain the proper search word ? The additional search-engine data structures ensure that we have at most one disk access per operation. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. Summary. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. Techniques for efficient query expansion. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. Using the document option  , the user can browse through each document; information displayed includes the first lines of the documents  , the list of references cited in the paper  , the list of papers citing the document and the list of other related documents. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to infer the strength of document-person associations beyond authorship attribution for expert search in academia. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Several issues must be resolved to realize this basic idea. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. counting support for possible valid patterns. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. Definition 1. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The directory space. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. The abstract page displays a full meta-record title  , authors  , abstract  , rights etc. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . Section 5 outlines the test data. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. This paper is organized as follows. We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. a syntactic component . Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. By applying A*  , a heuristic based best-first search is performed on the extended visibility graph. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. We also present and evaluate jump indexes  , a novel trustworthy and efficient index for join operations on posting lists for multi-keyword queries. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. Multiply translations act as the query expansion. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. The main difference with Eq. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. The two are related quantities with different focuses. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. This can be useful in representing word tokens that correspond to fields like Model and Attribute. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. In brief  , it does a best-first search from each node matching a keyword; whenever it finds a node that has been reached from each keyword  , it outputs an answer tree. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. In addition  , they vary window sizes for matching queries but in our technique window sizes are determined by sentence lengths. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! Empty string K is a valid regular expression. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression.