Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. The measure 4 plays the role of an " information density " or of a probability density function. Next we describe the language model based RTR model in detail. The Shannon entropy of the variable a is: Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. Time-dependent synonyms will be used for a temporal search  , or a search taking into account a temporal dimension  , i.e. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. , operating with only one language instead of two  , which results in a unified WE-based framework for monolingual and cross-lingual IR. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. This means that there exists a 0 k such that u k is not contained in A;. , statistical charts. We have demonstrated the benefits of our techniques both analytically and through an empirical performance study of an actual implementation. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. 3 or Eqn. The modifications to the operator dependency graphs required to support the sort-merge join method can be found in SCHN89b. When applying a table search query to the popular search engines  , we observe that a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results will be returned. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. Sign R x 'Grouped'  , add it to Group G i ; 8. Finally  , performance of heuristic search based semantic query optimization needs to be evaluated in a real database environ- ment. For example  , a user may search for " blackberry " initially to learn about the Blackberry smartphone; however  , days or weeks later the same user may search for " blackberry " to identify the best deals on actually purchasing the device. , to assign relevance ranking values to unlabeled documents based on some relevance judgments we must incorporate a prior so as to avoid over-fitting the labeled data. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. , mouse movements. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. Furthermore  , for some queries  , retrieval based on the original query results in performance superior to that resulting from the use of an expansion model. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set  , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection   , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. For Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. We use the term " hand " heca.uae a InpIe 7 in R joins with a tuple s in S only if r. A appears within a " hand " of size cl + c2 about s-5. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. They defined an observability index  , e.g. After retrieval with the baseline system of section 2.2  , we experiment with two versions of Wikipedia-based query expansion. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. Otherwise  , the rates of automatic co-evolution would be lower than the ones in this paper  , with a higher risk of introducing inappropriate solutions. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. These frames are used for inheritance only. Finally  , we investigate whether Google Search personalizes results based on Web browsing history i.e. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. According to the results in Tables 3 and 4  , the query expansion mechanism on fields is shown to be robust with various query expansion settings. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. The only real difference is the way the cost of subplans are computed. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Let Q be a query submitted by the user For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. The quality of a search is defined as probability of the event that user clicks on a search result presented to her as the answer to the search. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. The notion of identity representation in search is quite simple; the issue can be summed by the question " What does a search engine say about an individual  , when that individual is researched in a search engine by another individual ? " Intuitively  , this can be done because these constraints and conditions are  , in a sense  , analogous to the relational selection operations. The detected breakpoints are marked on the trajectory and are indeed located at the folding points  , segmenting the angular position signals at the peaks and valleys of the signals not shown. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. if we are linding shortest distance between points that are farther apgt the effort ratio will be considerably less than 1 and there would be substantial speed UP- Thus  , the ratio of effort in tinding shortest distance between two points p r and p  ? It enables Semantic Search to provide richer results as the Semantic Web grows  , but also makes the system more susceptible to spam and irrelevant information. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. However  , estimating from one single document is unreliable due to small data samples. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. Stack inspection is intended to prevent confused-deputy attacks 9  , which arise when a component C 1 that was not granted access to a resource r obtains access to r indirectly  , by calling into a component C 2 that was granted access to r. Figure 1. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. courses  , students  , professors are generated. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. Density-based methods identify clusters through the data point density and can usually discover clusters with arbitrary shapes without a pre-set number of clusters. This loop is described by the transfer function TJ from sensed force Fs to actuator force Fa. CAD e.g. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. The time and space complexity of finding the weighted edit distance is also " #  ! For each position p  , we model the " normal " amount of attention a review at this rank gets using the parameter zp. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. At run-time  , for a given query  , first the most relevant p-strings are identified. In order to improve information exchange beyond the " shared part " of the ontologies  , we promote both query expansion at the query initiator's side and query interpretation at the document provider's side. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. , OWL2DL. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. Furthermore  , we describe a manner in which a content hole search can be performed using Wikipedia. The motion model reflects a behavior that the evaders are likely to exhibit throughout the run. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. Consequently  , the actuator's dynamics can be represented by a simple transfer function: of the external wrench w and with the choice of cts. The results of the expansion experiments are presented in Table 1manual selection of expansion keys and Table 2automatic selection of expansion keys  , and organism names as expansion keys. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data  , such as audio  , video and text  , from multiple information sources  , such as the Internet and TV. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. In their relational test implementation they also consider only selection and join. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. In the proposed tracker  , search strategy started with a relatively large standard deviation twice as in fine search for the coarse search. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. We adopt three query expansion methods. We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Finally query generation tools tend to generate non-minimal queries 31. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. Instead of employing all available social information   , we select friends who share similar tastes with the target user by investigating their past ratings. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. Third and most important  , we contextualize the pattern matching by distinguishing between relevant and non-relevant pages. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. No mention was made of pay conditions  , ad conditions or random assignment  , and a search on turkernation .com  , a discussion forum for Mechanical Turk workers  , found no mention of either experiment. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. The means bj of the ad groups in a campaign k are themselves drawn from a normal distribution with mean b k   , and the campaign means are normal with mean b h : The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. This leads to θ n ≈ arg max θ P Dn|θgθ|φ n−1 . The band pass transfer function is given by Equation In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. Now let where 8 is a small positive number. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. However. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. , pat. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. In the training stage  , the proper decreasing ratio is set to grow the tree; then the tree is pruned to achieve the best performance by avoiding over fitting with the training set. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. We illustrate the effectiveness of this approach using the first six TREC 2003 Web Track topic distillation topics taking the first six to avoid cherry-picking queries for which our method works best. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure . Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. A URM for our data set can be built as: 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play  , with objects as actors. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. To determine the amount of paging disk I/OS acceptable for a hash join  , it should be considered that paging I/OS are random acesses on the paging disk  , while file I/OS of sort/merge and hybrid joins have sequential access patterns. Each participant was asked to complete four search tasks that were designed to differ in complexity within-subject design. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. K non-overlapped nodes with the largest relevance score are selected as subtopic candidates. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . The power of topic modeling is that it allows users to access records across the institutional boundaries of individual repositories; in Table 5the top ten records come from five different repositories. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. Bitonic sort makes use of a key procedure called bitonic merge. Their experiments demonstrate that the visual phrase-based retrieval approach outperforms the visual word-based approach. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. z examine the area around it within distance d to see if the density is greater than c. This is equivalent to check if the number of points including itself within this area is greater than c x nd2 = k + 1. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. To produce rich query representation we introduce a new query expansion technique  , based on traversal of the query recommendation tree rooted at the query. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. Such queries report the k highest ranking results based on similarity scores of attribute values and specific score aggregation functions. The high level goal of this paper is to enhance the theory of designing virtual incentive systems by introducing and studying an alternative utility model. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. This means that this k e d point is saddle-type and unstable. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. The research questions explored here were: RQ3: Do noun phrases provide sufficient context for the user to select potentially useful terms for query expansion ? Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. A sample rated aspect summarization of one of the sellers is shown in Table 2 . CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. How to select the best partitions is well-studied * Work done while the author was an Intern at Yahoo! Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. But the similarity is more substantive that this. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. The values of the Pearson correlation coefficients as calculated by Eq. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. for query expansion  , report improved effectiveness over their baseline systems. The results are consistent with those previously reported on the TREC collections 32. Two query expansion schemes were adopted in our system  , one utilizing the standard PRF technique and the other mining query expansion terms from Google search results based on the same set of Microblog search queries and timebounded by the query timestamp. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. Focused crawling  , while quite efficient and effective does have some drawbacks. The self-folding time was also relatively short. The behavior controllers are feedforward controllers which output the original trajectories expressed by the cubic spline function shown in Fig. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. In 8 a distributed version of DBSCAN 3  is presented . Note that these events are not necessarily represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. a set K=100  , and b set K=200. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. 3. jmab: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion   , and abstracts only. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. This study was conducted following the kinematcis classification from an electromyographical point of view  , based on time and frequency domains. In the CTPN model  , the mapping transitions are drawn as m. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. , 19 decrement rule: Several well studied codes like the Huffman and Shannon- Fano codes achieve 1 + HD bits/tuple asymptotically  , using a dictionary that maps values in D to codewords. A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level  , e.g. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. Such probabilistic dependencies cannot easily be captured in logical expressions and typically are also not documented in textual or other sensory form. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. One of the common approaches is to derive the transfer functions for all input/output pairs from the step response experiments 4. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. For both runs the Gene name expansion was applied as described in subsection 3.1. It seems a reasonable assumption that the influence of perceptual speed on search performance occurs primarily in a small number of tasks. Anchor text is an alternative data source for query reformulation . In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. Typically  , the prediction is calculated as a weighted average of the ratings given by other users where the weight is proportional to the " similarity " between users. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. Furthermore  , the search in OASIS is driven by a suffix tree  , which results in significant pruning of the search space. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. The other is the effect of the coordinate transforma­ tion Zi+l = Xi+l -cq X i on the Razumikhin con­ dition. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. Such data transfer would also incur high communication overhead  , as all worker nodes must transfer the intermediate results back to the driver node. When manifold ranking is applied to retrieval such as image retrieval  , after specifying a query by the user  , we can use the closed form or iteration scheme to compute the ranking score of each point. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. The above question can be reformulated as follows. Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . As a method mainly for interaction between search engines and users  , query suggestion techniques usually cannot directly improve the relevance of the search results  , but rather enhancing the entire user search experience within the same search intent. Thus  , our first-tier solution was to devise a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. Query dependent expansion. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. Search Meta-Index. three-dimensional  , eight degree of freedom model was studied by Yamaguchi and Zajac. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. Note that we use rounded rectangles to depict extraction steps and hexagons to depict pattern matching steps. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. Expanding phrase B with phrases A and C based on the traditional inverted index structure requires locating the three separate posting lists through random access followed by two merge operations. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. For each query  , we got the top results from each of these search providers  , and merged and deduplicated these to get 17 ,741 unique documents. As mentioned above  , current EP systems 1  , 6  , 8  do real-time pattern matching over unbound event streams. In section 6 the performance measurement is presented  , and finally section 7 summarizes our experiences and outlines future work. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Applying the same fitting procedures described in Section VI-D to the torsion free case  , we first determined a tip error of 24.78 mm 54.32 mm maximum. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. , as provided by Solr 2  analyzes the contents of each text page performing lexical transforms such as case folding  , stop-word removal and stemming and creates for each term an index entry with references to the pages on which the term appears see Figure 1   , top. In fact  , for some situations Figure 4 d to f  , DBSCAN and Single Link Agglomerative give slightly worse than random performance resulting in ARI values that are slightly below 0. , i d   , in all combinations that add up to B buckets . Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. Modeling sentiments: Note that Equation 1 is a general framework   , as it does not limit the methods used for sentiment modeling and quality modeling. Due to a typically high gear ratio of finger joint actuators the dynamic joint coupling is negligible. Search-Result-Click History. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. A search engine can only estimate the user's intentions based on the search terms used and assuming " an average user " . These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. The accuracy for content-based or performance-based methods was calculated over all the queries. Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Creating this distance metric is the focus of this paper. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . Thus  , when no torque is applied it will return to its zero position. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . quicksort. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. We used it in our comparison experiments. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. In Section 4  , we highlight the requirements for the design of an effective solution supporting collaborative privacy management . Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. Prior to fitting the 19 measurements in the model in Fig. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. Multiply translations act as the query expansion. To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. To illustrate this  , the data of Sec­ tion 4.2 Fi gure 3a» was Fourier t ransformed to give the data YjOl and UjOl shown i n Figure 4 a. 1 Thus  , how to represent both queries and documents in the same semantic space and explore their relevance based on the click logs  , remains a challenge. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. Both interfaces are stateful  , as most implementations first create an appropriate search structure  , like for example a search tree. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. , distance. This result should shatter once and for all the already weakened legal search myth that all documents must be manually reviewed for relevance. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The three-dimensional space contained in the cube see Figure 2 represents the semantic continuum where the origin 0 ,0 ,0 is a purely syntactic search  , the point with coordinates 1 ,1 ,1 is a fully semantic search  , and all points in between represent search approaches in which semantics is enabled to different extents. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. 1  propose a formalization of different types of success for informational search  , and presented a scalable game-like infrastructure for crowdsourcing search behavior studies  , specifically targeted towards capturing and evaluating successful search strategies on informational tasks with known intent. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. Whereas the NMF factors are a set of values with scale invariance issues  , cf. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . This effectively pushes the embeddings for the text words and the code tokens towards each other: if wt is a word embedding and w k is a token embedding  , both with the same norm  , the logistic sigmoid in Equation 1 is maximized when w k = wt. Returning to the scenario described in Section 5  , the designer of the railroad system identified the stack and the queue models as potentially reusable and stored them in the repository as described in the Section 5.1. For the CI4OOI collection Figure 5b the bottom-up search does significantly better than the serial search at the low E end of performance. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. A great deal of similar research has also been conducted into text similarity searching or finding the most effective means of supporting search to find highly similar or identical text in different documents. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. We argue that these parameters should be adjusted more accurately and depend on the purpose target click-metric and market. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. The EDSER workshops thus function not as mini-conferences but as working sessions. We show how simulations may help in the section below. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. we perform a breadth first search. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. We see that our approach is consistently better in most cases. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. The searchers tended to use more query terms on the experimental interface than the control system and more terms were added through query expansion. , the uninformed best-first search. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. Once we have selected a center  , we now have to optimize the other two parameters. The keys for base relations Supplier and Customer s suppkey and c custkey respectively propagate through their associated Sort nodes  , as do the functional dependencies implied by these keys. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. Since existing Web mirroring tools  , like " rsync " 1  , usually mirror a site according to its Web site directory tree  , we study the evolutionary characteristics of Web site directory structure. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Adding new documents to the refined path index is accomplished in two steps. The actual decoding of the speech utterance is based on searching the acoustic and language models to find out the best fitting hypothesis. It is important to maintain discipline in this merge  , test  , check-in sequence. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. We can see that the asymmetric estimator works well when cosine similarity is close to 1  , but degrades badly when smaller than 0. Furthermore  , it creates and initializes the pools. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. The query expansion techniques 16  endeavour to automatically provide additional information to the query that will help to obtain better search results. In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. First  , we employ the PLSA to analyze the topic information of all the questions  , and then model the answerer role and asker role of each user based on questions which he answers or asks. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. , the surveys in 7  , 6. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. The CSTR search interface is based solely on keyword searching; no bibliographic records are provided by the sites from which the documents are harvested  , and  , unlike the RI system  , CSTR does not parse documents to automatically extract bibliographic details. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to propose such a solution. For the fixed-uncertainty minimum-time optimization the search tree is expanded until the desired uncertainty is reached. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. The novel contributions of this work are 5-fold: 1 We describe a game-based approach to collecting document relevance assessments in both theory and design. In his method  , stability ana lysis about the whole system is established on the basis of Popov's stability theory. The likelihood 1 Izy or 1s see Section IV-B and IV-C is calculated with Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. With regard to the generation of link specifications  , some unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. Here the summary includes the search title  , snippets and URL. It also contains a reference to the policy to which the instance is migrated if the condition evaluates to true. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. We give examples of both ways of generating the test eases. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. We also computed the Pearson coefficient r between the average forecast error rates of the top five QAC suggestions and the final ρ and MRR values computed for those rankings . There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. Instead of trying to achieve a simple two-step procedure  , the novel ranking function  , revenue direct-optimization  , aims to directly maximize the approximate empirical revenue. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. , the likelihood function  , with respect to the derivates of the errors in a control group  , as the model complexity is increased. The same can be said about RPC-based services  , which can either publish many fine-grained operations   , or a few coarse-grained ones  , depending on the chosen design strategy. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. §This work was supported in part with funding from the Australian Research Council. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. n  , the face of the same female individual was presen ed Emotional Faces database 25. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. The former group of methods can be divided into those that exploit query co-occurrences in the search logs  , and those that leverage the document click information such as random walks over query-document bipartite graphs. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. Here legend Src+Target means using both source graph edges and labeled target graph edges without instance weighting  , and IW means our instance weighting method. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. Other hyper-parameters for these methods were optimized through random search 41. To find a meaningful weighting of a specific set of d dimensions   , Dim  , for a given set of must-link and cannot-link constraints  , further referred to as S&D  , our approach performs hill climbing. First we consider query expansion. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Qin and Henrich 2G  have pursued an AND-parallel approach which generates random subgoals and t ,hen tries to connect theni in parallel with t.he initial and final configurations. We used the robotic system to measure gap junction function. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. However  , as software evolves  , the maintenance problems with cross-cutting concerns still exist  , even in the aspectized programs or the programs developed with AOP from the beginning . The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. They are: However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. The underlying theory being that a character that is making progress will be content with their current guild. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. The motivation stems from the observation that the past frequency of requests is not always strongly correlated with their future frequency  , especially in the case of infrequent requests 7. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. Each of these research problems presents a number of challenges that must be addressed to provide effective and efficient solutions to the overall problem of distributed information retrieval. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. Section 2 introduces the adjacency structure and describes how it is used to recursively evaluate the support function. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The weighted average of the user's last few link selections is passed to the search engine; results are then dynamically combined into a hypertext document. Having late binding in the query language is necessary @ the presence of inheritance and operator overloading. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. It uses Indri as the back-end search engine. Fitting the proposed model to POS data  , interesting and practically important results are obtained. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. For swiss-roll we use K = 530. classes in PLSA. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Moreover  , this sort-merge-join operates on a document basis. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. One possible method would be to use a grammar to produce a sort of reverse merge. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. The local proxy redirects the user to the expanded search interface when a search engine is requested. are free of aT  , a u k k f z means of %'-configuration vectors. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Table 4  , and for project " Ivy v1.4 "   , the top four supervised classifiers experience a downgraded performance when changing from a crossproject setting to a within-project setting. The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Section 5 outlines the test data. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. The heating effect  , called the heat content is defined as: These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. In the next sections describing our runs  , we will use the following terminology. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods.  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. Knowing the long-standing and firm relationship between vector space models  , semantics modeling and IR 37  , 16  , one goal of this paper is to establish a new link between the recent text representation learning methodology based on word embeddings and modeling in information retrieval  , with the focus on the fundamental ad-hoc retrieval task. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. For example RF_all_13_13 stands for Random Forest using all features  , trained on 2013 and applied on 2013 9 . To solve this problem  , Ribeiro-Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. Note that different authors may share the same name either as full names or as initials and last names. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. For example  , configurations in which the flaps of the box fold over other flaps. , CiteULike 3 for scientific documents and del.icio.us for web pages. In other applications such as personalized search and query suggestion  , random walks are used to discover relevant entities spread out in the entire graph  , so a small restart probability is favorable in these cases. the Pearson correlation coefficient 8 rR 1   , R 2  = 0.57  , meaning that star-shaped cascades are more likely to exhibit a largely shared topic than chain-shaped ones. Experimental results were obtained using a five-bar robot5 with one of the side joints locked to simulate a single flexible link with a shoulder joint. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. We see that the transfer function defines the kinematic correspondence between the master and the slave. At each re-training step  , a test set is used to compute the transliteration accuracy  , and the training is continued till the point when transliteration accuracy starts decreasing  , due to over-fitting. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. , Type II error. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. In the first phase  , a traditional search is done before the classification program is called to analyze the search results. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. We developed an integrated search interface as a stand-alone Java application to support this multimodal search. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. This rule is called the default rule  , since it is used if no other rules match. In the following discussion  , we design an observer for 2 which is x-axis element of n o m 8  , the transfer function from Xd to z can be 'Slight errors' include wrongly encoded special characters or  , for instance  , the inclusion of single characters such as '*' at the end of the title. In our first user evaluation experiment  , we let domain experts judge and compare the search results from NanoPort to those from two benchmark systems: Google and NanoSpot. We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. , one that includes the motor speed controllers to reduce the uncertainty of the tire/ground interaction  , the inclusion of the motor limitations  , and the ability of the model to predict deceleration when climbing a steep hill. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. A new data attribute is tested during integration testing when it is integrated into GR by testing A with member functions with which it interacts. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. The join query is a standard database operation  , which can be realized in essentially two ways: by a merge join sort the lists by word ids and then intersect or by a hash join compute the list of word ids that occur in both lists via hashing. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. to any application. , normalized size of set intersections . The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. The track contained two tasks  , a discussion search task and a search-for-experts task. Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. In the future  , we plan to utilize such constructions in order to provide a completely automatic formula revision framework. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. The transfer function of the LRC circuit and the resonance frequency fhyd of it is expressed by Besides the computed hydraulic resistance of the channel  , the sensor also consists of hydraulic capacities Chyd and hydraulic inertance Lhyd. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. Readers who took part in early TRECs will recall discussions on the issue of selective versus massive" query expansion. This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. Given the word embeddings  , this task is solved by finding the word d * whose embedding is closest to the vector u b − ua + uc in terms of cosine proximity  , i.e. , experts  , non-experts  , and the automated computation scheme  , are considered as vectors where each component may adopt values between 1 and 4. In both cases the robot started with no a priori knowledge of the environment. Phone 1 can make a call from a phone book  , while Phone 2 cannot. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. The LIME report for 32 cores  , summarized in Figure 8  , says the control flow edge from line 116 in grav. C to line 112 accounts for the imbalance . The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. In this way we always aim at the neighbouring cell with the best worst-outcome. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. Attributes are circled  , and edges are marked with their function types. However  , we cannot use the first approach when the argument is any expression other than the path expression . We first formally define the behavior of a non-malicious and a malicious node in the system using the game theory approach 5. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. Specifically  , perfect transparency in the single degree-offreedom case requires that Gl=I. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. For clarity of exposition  , the database operations introduced in Section 3 have been described in a setoriented way  , independent of their integration in a query execution plan. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. These deviations from mean ratings are then compared for each vector component  , that is  , for each technology pair being evaluated with regard to synergetic potential. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. Query Expansion: Before a query is passed to Lucene  , we first use the probabilistic query expansion model 10 to expand it by adding relevant terms. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. 2 We also performed a preliminary tuning phase to properly set the number of samples s for accuracy evaluation; in particular  , for each method and dataset  , we chose s in such a way that there was no significant improvement in accuracy for any s > s.  turn. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. There are multiple ways to form intervals. In our previous work 2  , we presented a search engine architecture for an efficient Terabyte search engine. Thus  , violation to the principle of optimal&y requires further extensions. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. force unloading no saturation Fig. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. However  , there are only a few papers describing machine learning approaches to question classification  , and some of them such as 17 are pessimistic. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. Clearly  , we want to enumerate every pair once and only once. In this paper  , we propose a site-level mirror maintenance strategy based on the historical evolution of the original Web site. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. These rules handle match statements. Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. This is illustrated in Figure 3. In this section  , we discuss related work on focused crawling as well as on text and web classification. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. Due to this fact  , we argued that users may expect to find novel search results  , instead of simply to improve search performance when they reformulate queries 2. The Spatial Semantic Hierarchy SSH 2 The basic SSH explores the environment by selecting an alternating sequence of trajectory. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. Yokoi et al. Below we first give a brief overview of iMed  , and then focus on iMed's iterative search advisor  , which integrates medical and linguistic knowledge to help searchers improve search results through iterative search. This can is typically very large 7. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. , closed-chain  11  , 16  , CAD e.g. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. For general or complex prob lem spaces  , such heuristic based search techniques are almost always more e5cient and certainly more interesting. Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. On the other hand  , BaySail is able to provide full distributional information  , which avoids these problems. Consequently  , all statistics computed on the completed database will be correct. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. Here one comparitor searches for S. SNAME. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. In fact  , in our example the developer would be likely to have been able to complete the task by analysing the number one element suggested on the second iteration Figure 2. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. H I Z is the transfer function between velocity at motor d  , and velocity at the end-effector V when the motor is free T  , = 0. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. a free-text search query  , Lucene searches its index to find all matched resources  , and given an advanced search query  , Sesame searches for instances from its ontology repository. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. We used the Search Friend system to investigate the role richer search interfaces play during different search tasks. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. The averaged tactile sensor data  , which is independent of the force data  , has a standard deviation of 0.4 % peak strain so we expect a fitting error of 0.9 % peak strain. But it is also likely that users are related to a wider set of topics in which they are interested than topics in which they consider themselves experts. Characterizing predictability. Therefore  , a combined optimizer must consider re6rercer of algebraic expressions that are dependent from each other. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. The weights for the DLS cont ,rol strategy 10 are chosen as K = 100 and W  , = 1. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. To evaluate the resulting context vectors  , we manually constructed a search query incorporating the ambiguous word and its most discriminating related words for each major word sense found. The goal of Perspective Folding is to not simply to provide a large field of view but to give a frame of reference around the robot and present cues that peripheral vision and optic flow contribute to locomotion  , perception of self-motion  , and perception of other moving objects. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. We used retweets for each query expansion method because retweets are a good source for improving twitter search performance 2. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. Typical full-text indexing e.g. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. The roots of these trees  , surrounding the moved obstacle  , indicate where the forest is split. Our next experiment dealt with query expansion based on external resource. , temporal similarity and location-based similarity using different correlation metrics: Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , Spearman's rank correlation coefficient  , and Kendall tau rank correlation coefficient. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. To help mitigate the danger of over-fitting i.e. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. Our planned follow-up research is to acquire search log data from a wider variety of search interfaces and tasks  , to verify the utility of direct and indirect query modifications to analyze user behavior in information seeking tasks. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. For gq  , p  , hq  , q0 ∈ 0  , 1  , we apply a sigmoid/logistic function given by σ· = 1 1+e −· . Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Using the Name Authority action in expand mode  , followed by selecting the text in this query box results in Figure 11  , where the query term has been expanded to include the variants Witten  , I. H. and Witten  , Ian H. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. Genetic programming uses four steps to solve problems: 1. Yang et al. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. Since the resulting impedance of such a system is lower than the minimal constituent impedance  , the role of the control block G  , becomes clear  , and it is the reduction of the high contact impedance of a position controlled robotic system. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that   , Since this is an initial investigation into scaling laws for controllers   , the theory developed here is only applicable t o frequency domain controllers. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. Recently  , in 19  , routing indices stored at each peer are used for P2P similarity search. The WebDAV Search protocol introduces the SEARCH request enabling server-side searching. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. Table 2gives the Pearson's correlation for system scores and the Kendall's τ correlation for system rankings for the TREC 2004 Robust systems on each of the earlier sub-collections  , comparing in each case the results obtained by standardizing using the original experimental systems and standardizing using the TREC 2004 Robust systems. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. This performance metric is compared with the target value. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. The experiments on TREC Another recent approach called DOC 14  uses a random seed of points to guide a greedy search for subspace clusters. Smeaton et al. the simple search based method  , the found terms are simply used in a new search in an extended set of fields also supplied as a property. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. Essentially  , these modifications inject item-item relationships into the user-user model. For any price p  , the expected remaining revenue is: Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . People use search engines by expressing their information need as a textual search query – the information retrieval request. This example illustrates the need for a new correlation coefficient that is at the same time head weighted and sensitive to both swapped and unswapped gaps. This equation shows that the contact torque is affected not only by the reference torque but also by the motion of the environment. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. 15 proposed a generative model called Bilingual Topic Model BLTM for Web wearch. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. Two variants are proposed: 1 average-based regularization that targets to minimize the difference between a user's latent factors and average of that of his/her friends; 2 individual-based regularization that focuses on latent factor difference between a user and each of his/her friends. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Many different indicators can be used to evaluate the accuracy of the estimates see Section 2. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. Consider an optimization problem with , 2009b build a probabilistic model by combining multiple types of queries with the corresponding search engine types. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. It is a time-synchronous Viterbi decoder with dynamic expansion of LM state conditioned lexical trees 3  , 18  , 20  with acoustic and language model lookaheads. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . Our prototype planner is a simple attempt to meet these goals. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. 8 provides some initial answers to these questions  , but does not address predictability directly  , nor does it look specifically at anchor text. " The first option will perform a diskbased merge-sort join of Rl and R2  , at a cost of 2P * log P + 2P. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. 21  which performs joint topic and sentiment modeling of collections . The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. For every search result from SERPs we collected two variants of bad snippets. Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. 20  , 21 studied the complex search task  , a search behavior that is usually applied to task-oriented search  , using search queries. We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . Future work includes extending our techniques beyond insert-only environments  , to allow updates of existing The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. Using a labeled sample of the AOL query log  , we observed an exponential decrease in the likelihood that the previous m queries are part of the same task as m increases see Figure 3. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. However  , existing search engines do not support table search. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. This hierarchical search strategy is enhanced by using a boolean query combination of a query from the hierarchy  , a keyword search  , a title search and a search with a term based on the case topic type. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. Link type specific evolution dependency  , as it is discussed in section 3.4  , is captured by link type specific strategies. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. We refer to this set as XE. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. As independent input variables  , we provided single-vote averages and covered range  , both appearing as first-order and second-order polynomials  , i.e. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. This control gave users only the search panel and the player  " tape recorder "  component described above. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. In this section we will set the above optimal control problem in a standard framework such that dynamic programming can be used to approximate the solution. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. By averaging the values of pixels having the same y-coordinate in the stripe region  , an array of 24 intensity values along the stripe region in the x direction is obtained. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. At the present time we have no general solvers for recursive procedures; however  , for regular recursion many of the loop solving techniques are applicable. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. 0 ~ 1 in random directions and the hounding surface of the C-obstacle is located by means of binary search. Figure 3depicts the model of the modem circuit including the parasitic dynamics. , at the University of California Lampson/Sturgis 76  , Cambridge Needham 72  , RA/LABORiA Ferrie 76  , Plessey Telecommunications England 74  , SRI Robinson 75  , and others at Carnegie-Mellon University Habermann 76  , Jones 77  , and in the continuing work on the Multics system Schroeder 77. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. The larger σ k means the model has more tively. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . In 13 the different behaviors shown by static and dynamic friction models Dahl model in the rendering of the friction phenomena acting on the tendon-based driving system have been evaluated  , and the better physical resemblance of the Dahl friction model has been reported. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. Dynamic programming DP is one well known technique for finding the best route to a goal. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. The comparison of means also indicates that users performed significantly faster with the visualization approach compared to the list presentation. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. Integrating support for arrays  , as well as operations on them  , is an important extension of this research which we are currently investigating. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query  , in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. , not from WordNet  , and whether documents from the Blog06 corpus were included in the search or not. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. If a conjunct is an IR concept  , the glb values are retrieved from the IR Relevance Assertions . Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. STARS STrategy Alternative Rules are used in the optimizer to describe possible execution plans for a query. Precision evaluates a search system based on how relevant the documents highly ranked by the search system are to the query. We extracted 128 and 101 query reformulation pairs from the search session logs of the 2011 and 2012 datasets excluding the current query of each session  , respectively. While the first question was identical to one of the initial query evaluation questions  , the second contained slight word changes to indicate that subjects should consider their experiences evaluating search results. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. Similarly  , compared to our random sample  , hijacking disproportionately impacts lowly-ranked pages. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. Let us consider " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " in Figure 2. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. , a vertical search system for real estate  , events  , travels  , businesses  , it interacts synchronously with data sources and produces several solutions e.g. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. As such  , query expansion is critical for improving the performance of IR systems in the biomedical literature . As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. Figure 11shows all 120 points in the topic 59 configuration. , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. ranking: how should one rank sentences returned in a boolean environment  , so that the best possible sentences are given first to the answer extraction component ? We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. In survival models  , the response time ∆ i is modeled with a survival function However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . We use SNN 3 for the former and DBSCAN 2 for the latter. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. 'l From this state all possible actions are evaluated using In our system  , query expansion is added automatically to improve the retrieval accuracy. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. The unexpanded OSUM query was identical to the unexpanded BOOL query. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. , without having to change the physical configuration of the system. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " , the disturbance attenuation in low frequencies   , from the input reference to the output is tackled. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. Evaluating the query tests obviously takes time polynomial in the size of the view instance and base update. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . However  , the tasks administered to the subjects included both factual questions as well as locating particular pages on the Web  , while our work focuses on finding the answers to factual questions in news articles. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. if f is recursively defined   , the meaning of f is given by the least fixed point of the higher-order and non-recursive function Af.e see Sch86 . A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. His results not only showed that imputing missing likert data using the k-nearest neighbour method was feasible they showed that the outcome of the imputation depends on the number of complete instances more than the proportion of missing data. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. The right graph in Figure 2plots the single-assessor and pyramid F-scores for each individual Other question from all submitted runs. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. Classifier Selection. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. In this work  , we study the feasibility of enabling a real-time search experience for trending search topics without overwhelming the search backend with an excessive number of search requests. This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. Specifically  , Fig- ure 1shows that the cost of a random read is only about two times of a sequential read in SSD. Further  , the construction of the database  , posing of the query  , and the observations are to be done as a user to this 'black-box' DBMS. This methods is called " Baseline " in Tables 1 and 2. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Image tag re-ranking becomes an interesting topic in research community 2 and industry. The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. Participants were given ten minutes to complete an instructional planning task; one task was used for each of three search tools: Google.com; NSDL Keyword Search  , and NSDL Science Literacy Maps. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. Experimental results are discussed in Section 4 and conclusion is made in Section 5. The bandwidth of transparency can be characterized by the frequency at which the transparency transfer function departs significantly from 0 dB magnitude and 0" phase. The controller transfer function is C Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. -the search on signatures is not exact due to the collision problem  , so we obtain a superset of answers for disjunctive or conjunctive search models. , x k  only if there are exactly two non-leaf nodes x i   , x j . This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. A number of studies 11  , 12  , 15 address the issue of search intent. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. , Qπ in our case is the AP of the  mutation π. This poster explicitly treats only the last item: query expansion. after the n-gram proximity search. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. We can continue in this manner and get the initial state vector. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. Each node in the tree containing the image of all reachable states from the initial node along the path. This is similar to our earlier experiments in the TREC Web track 4  , 5 . The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. Another important con- clusion that can be drawn is that if we could eliminate the recursive call to ** from ** from POLY-LOOP from POLY  , we could save about 93.6yo of the total run time. In particular  , the ordering structure in the parameter setting is revealed clearly by LHS. If a token is found in a database  , this information is added to token feature. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. This is dictory to many existing researches with aimed at making suggestions based on query similarity solely. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. However  , if we let the search remain explorative  , it may reduce to a random search. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. HyProximity suggestions were most commonly described as " really interesting " and " OI-oriented "   , while the suggestions of Random Indexing were most often characterized as " very general " . For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. However  , these subjective evaluations do not tell whether and how word similarities can be used in solving IR tasks in SE. Details can be found in 26. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. A randomized search strategy builds one or more stud solutions and tries to improve them by applying random transformations . Typically one to three dimensions account for this much variance  , but our result is comparable to similar analyses of large matrices 24. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. In other words  , lr/s = information -misinformation = coherence -confusion In a sense  , the system ranks might be considered inversely related to the probability that a document will be examined; the user ranks  , to the probability that a document will be useful. , inferring ongoing activities before they are finished. To handle the aforementioned challenges  , we propose the Spatiotemporal Search Topic Model SSTM to discover the latent topics from query log and capture their diverse spatiotemporal patterns simultaneously. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. The experimental system presented three different interfaces to the user during interaction  , it comprised a baseline interface that resembled the conventional layout of mainstream search engines  , and only provided a search box and 10 search results in a list format. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. , sort-merge or existing physical access paths. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. We use the expected result size as the cost factor of sub-queries. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. Given a temporal binning of top-n results  , the temporal query-expansion approach scores candidate expansion terms according to , In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. With this viewpoint  , we also measure search quality by comparing the distances to the query for the K objects retrieved to the corresponding distances of the K nearest objects. We built a very simple web-based interactive search system. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. In the region shown  , €7: = f -'  W l    , the zero reference point s = 0 of each self-organizing map approximating a self-motion manifold is at the location of minimum manipulability  , while maximum manipulability is obtained for a value of s = MaxM of about f0.7 in units defined in 12. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. It follows from observation 3.3 that all paths of G correspond to m-coherent chains. Successful repairs were generated for each program. Users can refine their search terms provided at the advanced search functions. Overall  , we designed our pipeline to combine query expansion and result re-ranking. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. , 8. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. The intuition behind expanding according to the inverse uf is that among pages with similar IR scores  , pages with low uf are more likely to contain a short focused text fragment relevant to the query keywords. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. , Google. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. We also generated random dummy clicks for the cover queries with the same expectation of the number of clicks in true queries so that search engines will not have explicit signal to recognize them. Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. Finally  , we show that with specific efficiency functions  , our " Slow " Decay Rate Wt10g t = 150ms  , α = −0.05 Gov2 t = 5s  , α = −0.1 Clue t = 7s  , α = −0.01 learned models converge to either baseline query-likelihood or the weighted sequential dependence model  , thus illustrating the generality of our framework in subsuming ranking approaches that only take into account effectiveness. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. Focused crawlers  , in contrast to breadth-first crawlers used by search engines  , typically use an informed-search strategy and try to retrieve only those parts of the Web relevant to some given topic 1  , 5  , 9  , 15 . A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. As stated above  , local sequential features extracted by HRM is not capable enough to model relations among apart baskets  , while a recurrent operation of a deep RNN architecture can capture global sequential features from all baskets of a user. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. 23 is one of a classic heuristic searching method. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. A simulator was applicable for it provides an ideal environment  , without noise and where the interactions among the robots can be carehlly specified. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. In such cases one must rely that an event's dynamic event type is compatible to the operator's static event type so that the event's path instance can be projected on the operator's path type. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. The motivations of demote operation is as follows: making those queries that the evaluation function classifies as future cache hits stay in the cache longer. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. When it receives the request for a sort  , it sends the request to all data sites and merge sites. Therefore   , distinguishing between different tissues can enhance the volume visualization . A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. Consequently  , the search procedure changes from a random search t o a well informed search  , where the existence of the solution is known a priori. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. In 2005  , sponsored search was a $12 billion industry for the four largest search engines 6. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. Abstraction selections conflict when two abstract values appear as operands in an expression and there is no meaningful way to transfer information between those values. The relation between observed CTR and the demoted grades is visualized by a scatter plot in Figure 2. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. , the number of parameters that need to be estimated grows proportionally with the size of the training set. A leaf node l stores a distribution P l c over class labels c. This distribution is modeled by a histogram computed over the class labels of the training data that ended up at this leaf node. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. A UI design pattern describes a single unit of functionality delivered through a group of UI widgets 3. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. Since the extender usually consists of both constrained and unconstrained maneuvers  , inequality 43 of the unconstrained system. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . In the previous section  , we studied the popularity evolution of a page when users discover pages purely based on random surfing. Search procedure: To find an orienting plan  , we perform a breadth-first search of an AND/OR tree lS . For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. A SPARCstation 10 is used both for robot control and for relocalization. They looked at two applications of query flow graphs: 1 identifying sequences of queries that share a common search task and 2 generating query recommendations. Sponsored Search is the problem of finding candidate ads and ranking them for a search engine query. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. By fitting data to parameterized models  , surface or boundary-based representations impose strong geometric assumptions on the sensor data. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. reduction of error  , e.g. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. DBSCAN can find clusters of arbitrary shapes  , but it requires the specification by the user of the parameters Eps and MinPts and is very sensitive to their values. While CueFlik allows users to quickly find relevant search results and reuse rules for future searches it does not allow users to organise search results or to maintain old search results and carry out new searches  , unlike ViGOR. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. First  , the ability to identify similar queries is in the core of any query-recommendation system. A conventional dynamic-programming optimizer iteratively finds optimal access plans for increasingly larger parts of a query. However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Soft time windows are used  , and K late = 50  , meaning every minute a delivery is late adds 50 units to the cost function. Here we use these methods to find components from a discrete data matrix. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. Also note that k = 0 represents the static cluster from RANSAC while k = 1.. K is a unique identifier for the individual dynamic clusters found using DBSCAN for the current frame. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. Com* * Work partially funded by the EGov IST Project and by the Wisdom project  , http://wisdom.lip6.fr. The third technique we use is A' search Nilsson 711 -a best-first  , tree-structured search method. These are topics of future research. With active control  , the actuator is backdrivable. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . It is given by The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. However  , when the dimensionality of feature space is too high  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently 46. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : While search efficiency was one of the central concerns in the design and implementation of the Volcano optimizer generator 8  , these issues are orthogonal to the optimization of scientific computations  , and are not addressed in this paper. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. However  , this may not provide useful type information when the return type is  , for instance  , xs:AnyType. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. The experimentally determined transfer function is Otherwise  , the transfer function 28 should be realized by means of switching circuits or by software. The most frequent smallest interval  , which is also an integer fraction of other longer intervals  , is taken as the smallest note length. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. Figure 4. Scaling up this approach to manage change in large systems written in complex programming languages is still an open research problem. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. Considering Fig. Caching techniques should now target to minimize both random reads and sequential reads. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. The most popular and the one used in this study  , is the Pearson correlation score which is defined in 3  , where σa is the standard deviation of user's a ratings. The idea is to use that view to model pat t em-mat thing queries  , which we impose to have flat structure. In this case  , we see that RadixZip consistently loses. Table 5and 6 show the corresponding precisions  , recalls and F-measures of the Cost Sensitive classifier based on Random Forest  , which outperformed the other classifiers yielding an 90.32% success in classification for our trained model. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. Srinivasan P 1996. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25. Who produced the most films ? Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. The vector consists of sensor data. Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants  , both methods performed equally well. This uses a random search to cope with the high dimensionality of the control space. The tools have been used to create a testbed for NCSTRL+ which  , at this time  , runs on three NCSTRL+ servers with index service for five archives. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. Section 4 presents our conclusions and future work. We call this tree the LSH Tree. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. First  , since our optimizer is an extension of a standard optimizer we get all the benefits of advances in optimizer technology  , as well as the benefits of considering the entire search space  , leading to high quality  , efficient plans. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. , and Bing via a similar methodology to White and Drucker 22 . But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. Safety values enable 11s to compare the effect of each safety strategy on the same scale and to optimize the design and control of hmnancare robots. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. The steps include: LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. On the other hand  , a Dynamic Programming DP strategy St:79 builds PTs by I~reatltMirst. Query expansion: In this study we experimented with three expansion methods plus an ensemble method that incorporated the results of the other three. The other enabling and firing rules of the mapping transitions are the same as the ordinary transitions. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. In addition  , a global search technique is also supported. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. We proposed a game theory based approach for the run time management of a IaaS provider capacity among multiple competing SaaSs. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. Further  , more than one query block can be nested under the same parent query block. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. 243–318 for an introduction. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . Search Engines. Since most of the resources search engines generally search local content  , we use this API for each test query along with the search site option. For ICTNETVS1  , they calculated a term frequency based similarity score between queries and verticals. Since synonym expansion relied on multiple sources  , duplicates in the enlarged query were removed. For one Web site  , when a page is presented in the browser window  , the passage positioned in the middle area of the window is regarded as a query  , and similarity-based retrieval is done for the other Web site. The normalized optimal matching weight is used as the semantic similarity between the queries. Finally  , we combine the proposed technique and various baselines under a machine learning model to show further improvements. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. Mezaris et al. Some of its successful applications include library catalogue search  , medical record retrieval  , and Internet search engines e.g. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. It is hoped that the combination of these features will allow the user to accomplish a search task more easily and also to leverage the serendipity involved in their search. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. We cannot expect the same transformation method to work here for several reasons. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. Specifically  , query expansion reduces the percentage of incorrect answers from 33% to 28.4%.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. These operators include projection  , hash  , sort  , and duplicate elimination. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. Columns show project  , model 1 -the full model in Equation 3 and 2 -the simplified model from Equation 4  , degrees of freedom  , log-Likelihood  , likelihood ratio  , and p-value for the test comparing the full and the simplified models. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. an MS-Word document. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. In section 2.4  , we describe our four query expansion approaches and the results of different query expansion comparison are present in Figure  4. Approximate solutions can be found by adjoining the constraints with a penalty function 13. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. Figure 12shows an example. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. The ARMin robot that was built with four active DoFs in the first prototype has now been extended with two additional DoFs for the forearm in order to allow training of ADLs and an additional DoF to accommodate the vertical movement of the center of rotation of the shoulder joint. This command estimates a discrete-time transfer function corresponding to a given frequency response in the following form. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. This illustrates a flaw in the model-free learning system paradigm: failing to separate controllable mechanisms from uncontrollable environment can lead to learning a controller that is fragile with respect to the behaviour of the environ- ment. For the restart probability of random walks  , it is interesting to find that a larger one is preferred and we set it as 0.9 in LINKREC. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. Clearly more sophisticated models of this sort may be more realistic than the one we have studied  , and may also yield somewhat different quantitative bounds to prediction. Figure 2 describes the function of each task T k in partitionbased similarity search. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. Neural word embedding methods12  , 13  , 14 represent each word by a real-valued dense word vector. Yan et al. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. , 2 messages per search in practice  , for all the RF'* dgorithms. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. When a radius is defined  , as in DBSCAN  , or some related parameter   , a particular view is being set that has an equivalence to viewing a density plot with a microscope or telescope at a certain magnification. The global R 2 FP is compared with spatial pyramid pooling SPP. Additionally  , the cluster centers Ki and the cluster radius ri are kept in a main memory list. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. In contrast to C++ or Smalltalk based OODBs  , its object model is a binary standard  , not a language API  , and is very strongly interface-based  , rather than class-based. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. We found that setting minP ts to 10 is a good compromise between the number of false clusters and missing clusters. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Each fold is stratified so that it contains approximately the same proportions of class distribution as the original dataset. Trails start with a search engine query which also includes the SERP followed by a click on one of the search engine results trail origin. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. Interest Modelling. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Moreover  , the time points identified using different dlen are independent comparing Fig.l7a with Fig.17@ and Fig.lBa with Fig.l8@. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . Similarity search for web services is challenging because neither the textual descriptions of web services and their operations nor the names of the input and output parameters completely convey the underlying semantics of the operation. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. , reading one track at a time. We can use R. F. to denote the baseline  , which adjust the parameter of a BF by optimizing false positive and search query terms in a random order. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. This is a fundamental task in consumer product search engines like Yahoo! Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. As part of the Accelerate and Create task  , we also describe an exploratory tool for efficient and intuitive visualization of large streams. This work tests the hypothesis that term diagnosis can effectively guide query expansion. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. Each query submitted to a commercial search engine results into two searches. For example  , a LIFO ordering policy is equivalent to a stack. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. The general idea is to reduce the problem to showing the proof of completeness for polygonal parts which has already been proven 4. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. This design allowed us to block on experienced/novice users in our assessment of the systems. However  , there are mixed results using ontologies such as WordNet and MeSH for the query expansion task.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. As with joins in relational queries  , optimization of navigation operations is crucial for efficiently executing complex Web queries. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. Like FarGo  , the above systems do support mobility  , but in a model that tightly couples movement operations to the application's logic. However Powell et al. Another important difference is that the transfer function model used in 4 Net tip position yt may then differ substantially from y 't and exhibit large oscillations. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. Recall evaluates a search system based on how highly it ranks the documents that corresponds to ground truth. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. Generative model. For example  , when students conducted a search  , the system log included information about the time when the search is conducted  , the search terms used  , the search hits found  , and the collection that was searched. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. These distributions were used to map the scores of a search engine to probabilities. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. Such organized image search results will naturally enable a user to quickly identify and zoom into a subset of results that is most relevant to her query intent. Experiment Setup. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. For K = 0.5  , the transfer function reduces to To ensure the above property  , we use the Evolution StrategyES as a. search method. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. Merely hiding a user's identity is not enough  , but we need to hide a user's true search intent to ensure privacy. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. In SI Presman et al. Working in the concatenated feature spaces the remaining unclustered documents are then assigned to the groups using a constrained PLSA model. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. To that end  , we study the performance of the representativeness measures Clarity  , WIG  , NQC  , QF when predicting the quality of the ranking induced by the relevance model over the entire corpus 6 . We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. However  , the sample size of 25 is close to the lower bound of 30 suggested in texts as " sufficiently large " . The problem with a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is the inherent tendency to become unstable. Finally  , we consider the effects of the parameters available in each technique. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. In this section we describe the methods that we use to compute the similarity between pairs of search tasks  , how we mine similar tasks  , and the features that we generate for ranking. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. and Next to the folding we introduce operations that re­ move from the systerl1 the vehicles that can visit all the vertices of their mission vectors. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . stiffness force disturbance 16.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. nI be the sizes of samples drawn  , marked and returned to the population and the total number of distinct captured individuals be r. The likelihood function of N and p = p1  , ..pI  from data D is given by Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. In the searching step  , we test the variables using an α-investing rule and in a sequential manner. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. For the larger DS4 dataset SPARCL has an order of magnitude faster performance  , showing the real strength of our approach. After submissions began  , the echo Step Five  , multimodal search began  , including predictive coding features  , with iterated training. Heurirtic Marching: Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. In the evenings and on weekends people may more typically pursue other interests  , bringing them into situations with higher risk of injury and of placing additional strain on their bodies—and creating opportunity for unforeseen accidents. However  , if space is really an issue  , we can resort to a sparse B+ tree index. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. l The robotic gripper's primary function is to transfer pipes and move them into or out of the roughneck. , q |Q| have higher probabilities than given the document model for D1. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. In that event the gradient descent search can quickly descend toward a goal configuration. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. Dynamic programming DP 2 is a good candidate to solve the optimal maneuver of robot players in a football game. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. If the object is not found in the image  , however  , the Search behavior is activated. Thus  , the proximity search looks for " movie " objects that are somehow associated to " Travolta " and/or " Cage " objects. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. If the number of clusters was less than 5  , the remaining documents were picked from the highest ranked outliers. To ensure the significance of our results  , all results shown are the average of a 10 times cross-folding methodology. As an application of the second type  , an example image is selected among the search results from textual keywords  , and then the results are reranked  , and such search functions are released in " show similar images " from Microsoft Bing image search  , and " similar image search " from Google image search. The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. The evolution of a &-graph to a deadlocked graph is closely monitored  , as it evolves as the simulation progresses. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. All runs are compared to pLSA. We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. However  , the exponential complexity of dynamic programming may limit the optimizer to queries that involve not more than 15 relations. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. The remainder of this section will introduce passivity concepts using the storage function definition. As mRMR takes into account redundancy between the indicators  , this should not be a major issue. Moreover  , the response time of similarity name search is considerably reduced. For demonstration purposes here  , a method of smoothing only line segments within a laser scan  , while leaving alI other parts of the scan in tact can successfully meet our requirements to segment laser data and extract lines. asp ?DefinitionKey=987 the contained embedded objects will be of interest  , as will be the variety of fonts referenced and the question whether some documents contain a change history and whether this history is considered of any relevance. , a stack. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. The resulting trees are stored in newSet. The stated comfort with search modes and the perceived effective strategies matched the performance discussed above. As the size of the rule search space increases exponentially with the number of variables in ungrounded rules  , enumerating rules quickly becomes infeasible for longer rules. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. While this is irrelevant to the problem of locating a static object  , it is important when the object is moving in an unknown way in the robot hand. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. Our main interest in using clarification forms was to evaluate different techniques for selecting MWUs and phrases for interactive query expansion. The heuristic strategy is first attempted between the original start and the original goal configuration. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. Search quality is measured by recall. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. While it is possible to optimize objective functions by estimating the gradients lo  it is far more desirable to provide analytical gradients  , both for improving the performance of the optimizer 18  fewer computations of the cost function are needed and also to increase the accuracy of the gradient. On one hand  , the breadth-first search methods e.g. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. The uneven surface of the vermiculite does not lend itself to primitive fitting without a severe reduction in surface location accuracy. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. For internal pages  , the child pointers are extracted from the matching items and stored on a stack for future traversal. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Nagelkerke pseudo R 2 was 0.35  , which hints that the model explains about 35 % of the variation in interest scores. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. after completion of the search  , the subject was asked to complete a post-search questionnaire. The pattern symbols are: Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. If not  , another merge pass has to be done before commencing the SF passes. , bigrams. Many predictive modeling tasks include missing data that can be acquired at a cost  , such as customers' buying preferences and lifestyle information that can be obtained through an intermediary. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. Recommendation pages include various lists of books and recommendations with links. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Semi-structured Search Baseline No-schema  , NSA. These expansion terms were also structured and assigned with a weight that was one third of the original term to avoid query drift. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. Since our ranking models use context features  , we extract the search sessions with more than one query. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? The key contributions of our work are: LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Search-based techniques emphasize reduced record cost  , thereby their recorded information is typically incomplete for a faithful replay. These unavoidable characteristics of the multi-robot domain will necessarily limit the efficiency with which coordination can be achieved. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. To further demonstrate this  , we experiment with the following autoregressive model that utilizes the volume of blogs mentions. Like external sorts. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. This suggests that a generally more reliable group is more likely to be reliable on a particular object. When the evaluation function is cumulative  12  , 81  , that is  , takes the form of a sum  , the combinations can be checked in quadratic time using dynamic programming . They analyzed a random subset of 20 ,000 queries from a single month of their approximately 1-million queries-per-week traffic. In 8   , Li et al. Spatial indexing is performed using R-Trees 7  , while high-dimensional indexing relies on a proprietary scheme. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. For every word in the vocabulary  , their relevance model gives the probability of observing the word if we first randomly select a document from the set of relevant documents  , and then pick a random word from it see Section 2.3 for a more formal account of this approach. There is a task identifier 'ki' for known-item search  , and 'ex' for expert search  , no identifier for discussion search  , as these were the first runs submitted. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving. With a few exceptions  , each API function has a one-to-one correspondence to an Orbix interface function. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. TLC-C by default enables unordered results up to the final Sort operation. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. Quality of implicit transcripts. This function is accomplished by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol SMTP. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. It is not clear that NLP-based passage trimming offers better potential than simple synonym term based trimming. We adopt the dynamic programming approach that proposed by Psaraftis4 . Five of the nine retrieval methods used in the Query Track expand the query substantially either implicitly or explicitly . We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. Visual events involve both discrete and continuous changes in the graphical representation. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . In a similar way  , upon our sample  , our methodology has identified two types of users: those who are privacy-concerned minority and those who belong to the pragmatic majority. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. Our implemented descriptor supports the similarity notion of global curve shape and is only a starting point. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. A similarity range query retrieves all objects in a large database that are similar to a query object  , typically using a distance function to measure the dissimilarity. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . Relevance information may be used either for query expansion or term reweighting. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. Our basic scoring function adopted Indri's 3 language modeling approach. work on search intent prediction – predicting what a user is going to search even before the search task starts. The above equation directly means the viscosity. Moreover  , the vocabulary used by employers and recruiters change over time  , reflecting the evolution of the labor market. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. , The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. By using the proposed model  , the trajectory of the robot system can be algebraically obtained when an arbitrary cloth configuration is given. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. Figure 7 shows the arrangement of the singlemass arm. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. , 3 similar to ours in which the score of every location in the document of the search term contributes differently to the document similarity. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. In the line of thought of this paper  , we would like to determine a discrete subset of configurations  , and a basic action which defines a transfer function for the subset of configurations. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. Figure 6  , we visualize the geographic distributions of two weather topics over the US states. 3 Performance on MSE and peak time error: Figure  4e  , 4f  , 4g  , and 4h illustrate the performance on MSE and peak time error of all the methods in VA and CT for three seasons. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. For different parameters  , it calculates the maximum probability that a parameterized model generates the data exactly matching the original  , and chooses the parameters that maximizes such probability. In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. Prior to distribution  , component source code is compiled into binary code formats  , such as .lib  , .dll  , or .class files. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } One final extension is required. While full-text search is currently or soon to be available across all these collections  , the huge and growing collection sizes make it difficult for users to obtain the best search results. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. To the best of our knowledge  , this policy is the first one to solve the multilevel aggregation problem. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. Figure 4shows an example. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. One aspect of sample-based methods that has not been studied so far is the effect of the particular random sample in the CSI on the search effectiveness. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. A hash index on Pub1isher.paddre.w can be exploited by an index semijoin in the bypass plan as well as in the DNF-based plan  , but not in the CNF-based plan. The search costs are the average costs of new clients. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. Two different approaches are compared. The best score is shown in bold face. However  , the new genetic material produced by the attacks kept the population evolving up created a random robot that  , combined with the best robot  , produced a superior configuration that improved the population performance. , roads  , parks  , schools to permit locating them by alphabetic search rather than scanning the entire map; they are creased to permit folding to fit in a small space  , while at the same time allowing two far-away locations to be placed next to each other; they can be marked  , annotated  , and stuck with pins to record long  , complex routes and mark one's current location on that route; and the color scheme can be " dimmed " on parts of the map to indicate they imated maps allow the map user to dynamically choose what is zoomed and how much  , what is dimmed  , and what features are displayed on the map  , permitting a higher level of customization than informal actions like folding and marking. R* search 13 is a randomized version of A* search that aims to circumvent local minima by generating random successors for a state  , and then solving a series of short-range local planning problems on demand. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. In this section we give a design for a simple query rewrite system to illustrate the capabilities of the Epoq architecture and  , in particular  , to illustrate the planning-based control that will be presented in Section 5. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 .  represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Prior to setting up a closed-loop control system  , we investigated the dynamic response of the sensorized fingers. M one-pass = 2 x R done + R left  x S. Once the sort spills to disk  , there is no point to use more memory than the one-pass requirement hence  , from that point on  , the sort sets its cache requirement to the one-pass requirement. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. At the time  , both the force acting on the needle and the displacement of the needle were measured. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future  , denoted by T rustID. These two facts  , taken together  , suggest that an improved foot for the water runner would be both elongated  , and have folding components. Let a and b be two vectors of n elements. As far as the initial search is concerned  , there is  , first  , the issue of whether IDF weighting is the best strategy. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. Finally  , a simplified version of the model i.e. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. However  , ontologies enable also other relations to be used in query expansion. The reason is that GeoMF addresses the data sparsity problem by fitting both nonzero and zero check-ins with different weights  , which is less reasonable than our ranking methodology because zero check-ins may be missing values and should not be fitted directly. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. Listing 1 shows an example query. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Similarity search is an option for searching for photos of interest  , which is really useful especially in this non-professional context. Further investigations regarding the data reconstruction ability of KM were done by looking into the compressed 1 http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/labs/compbio/LibB sizes of the data; To compress the data with missing values   , KRIMP typically requires 30% more bits than it does to encode the original data. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. , towards the roots. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . This method is similar to BestSim method  , but instead of looking for a single permutation with best self-similarity we try to find the first m best permutations. Descriptor approaches usually are robust  , amenable to database indexing  , and simple to implement. It is integrated with a conventional dynamic-programming query optimizer 21  , which controls the order in which subsets are evaluated and uses cost information and intermediate results to prune the search space. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. Given a nominal part shape with bounded shape uncertainty  , does the planner always return an orienting plan when one exists and indicate failure when no plan exists ? After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. As opposed to run A1  , the likelihood function for run B3 has only a single interval where it takes on its maximum value. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. At this point in the proof the theorem prover needs to do a proof by induction. 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. , with the ranks used in place of scores. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. Thus  , for this query  , query expansion actually results in a significant loss of precision. Then we can modify the controller input For a repetitive task  , the transfer function of the system will be the same. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. These functions parameterize the set of different trajectories based on covariances of initial beliefs. If the decelerations of the two vehicles are close  , from the two previous equation  , we can say that additional risk is mainly resulting of the parameter γT r . Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. 5 and 6 it is clear that the both motor and link can be operated around the natural frequency of the The square symbol in Fig. This time  , however  , only the first primary descriptor assigned to the document was used  , assuming that this is the most important descriptor for the respective document. , s2.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. Since the problem of researcher-indu~d bias was recognized as a potential problem  , four different researchers interacted with participants in a relatively random manner dictated by individual schedules. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. However  , permutations are computationally heavy and not necessarily suitable for time critical systems. An individual's representation in search is a true informationage problem. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. , 14: The ratings of each participant  , i.e. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. , Google image search  , Microsoft Bing image search  , and Yahoo! If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. And does this have impact with our technique ? If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. Under the assumption of identical master and slave subsystems  , that is substituting 5-8 into Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. In order to assess the quality of a search  , a popular method is to make a sample of search results for assessment. Our explanation is that the selective query expansion mechanism refines the top-ranked documents  , while it introduces noise to the rest of the returned documents. A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. The main query uses these results. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. After query expansion  , it is reduced to 0.017. We find that the subspaces of s0 and s1 are well separated from the subspaces of sr computed at lower positions; the subspaces of s2 and s3 are also separated from the subspaces of sr computed for other ranks  , but have a significant overlap with each other. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. In past TRECs  , "query expansion" was considered necessary to produce top results 11. However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. We also collect two large-scale datasets  , including Facebook denoted as FB L with 63K nodes  , 1.5M edges  , and 0.84M wall posts 34  , and Instagram denoted as IG L with 2K users  , 9M tags  , 1200M likes  , and 41M comments 35. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. For example  , measurements made by the Polhemus sensor are transmitted as an electromagnetic signal  , and so can have errors introduced by metallic objects or stray magnetic fields existing in the vicinity of the sensor contain error. To generate these search results  , the queries were submitted and logged through our proxy server  , which then retrieved and logged the search engine responses and displayed them to the user in the original format. This complexity arises from three main sources. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. This means despite the fact that some search features were perceived as more or less useful for certain search tasks  , this trend was not apparent for all search tasks. We have shown in 21  that 5-and 7-term LSs perform best  , depending on whether the focus is on obtaining the best mean rank or the highest percentage of top ranked URIs. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. , R-trees. In addition  , when the query matched exactly with an Wikipedia article and the query contained articles such as 'the'  , we added all the expansion terms obtained by expansion over the Wikipedia corpus. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. , a small rock on the right side while climbing a big hill. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. al. The results from running CURE can be interpreted in a similar way. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. Term expansion is used to find expanded terms that are closely related to the original query terms  , while relation path expansion aims to extract additional relations between query and expanded terms. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. The experiences from WES- PL confirmed that the technical choice of whether adopting a proactive approach or a reactive approach largely depends on the market position of the SPL organization. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. This fact does not reflect correlations of features such as substitutability or compensability . Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. Without any learning module  , Random Walk is presumably neither efficient nor effective. The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. However  , the combined search yields a similar final behavior to keyword-based search. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. In addition to this hypothesis  , if we assume Proposition 2 the visits to a page are done by random users  , we can analyze the popularity evolution for the search-dominant model. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. Two join methods are considered: nested loop NL and ordered merge OM such as sort merge or hash merge. To keep the merges as fast as those of the baseline fullmerge   , we also do not maintain the set of top-k items as we merge  , and not even the min-k score. Unfortunately  , as we show below  , such ideas are unlikely to help us efficiently find discords. To conclude the study in this paper  , noise and redundancy reduction is proposed and evaluated in the LLSF approach to documentto-categones mapping  , at the levels of words  , word combinations  , and word-category associations. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. First  , given a relatively long publication title  , if we use exact string match  , search engines can hardly find any results. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. The forward and back buttons work like the buttons in a web browser: back displays the previously displayed search results  , changing the tabs and search criteria at the top of the window as appropriate. Some queries returned fewer than 500 search results. To illustrate this  , suppose that the merge phase of an external sort started with IO runs and I I buffers  , which allowed all runs to be merged at once as in Figure 2a. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. We conducted experiments on three different datasets; two are real Web datasets from a commercial search engine and one is an artificial dataset 2 created to remove any variance caused by the quality of features and/or relevance labels. a The transformation step :. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. If missing values are missing at random and data set size allows  , missing values rows can be discarded. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. in  This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. The muscles or tendons  , which help moving the human hand  , are roughly classified flexor muscles and extensor musclesl. Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. Expansion features express if the losing information from an untranslated term can be recovered by the semantics from the rest of terms with query expansion. The proportion of search types are presented in Table 5. 3. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work  , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. The shared S-only component can now be applied exactly once. The above method could employ a variety of pattern­ matching and optimization techniques for sensory interpretation. Efficient indexing based matching of two and three dimensional 2D/3D models to their views in images has been addressed in computer vision and pattern recognition. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. In this work  , we make use of both embedding types in form of entity embeddings Word2Vec and entity-context embeddings Doc2Vec to improve entity disambiguation . The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. One avenue for future research lies with the path planner . For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. Search skills can be trained  , e.g. The open question to date is if there even exists a way to publish search logs in a perturbed fashion in a manner that is simultaneously useful and private. For ex-ample  , all dyadic LOLEPOPs JOIN  , UNION  , etc. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. In contrast  , in our phonetic matching problem  , the matching similarity can take any value between 0 and 1. This section describes a control strategy for automatically focusing on a point in a static scene. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. In a recent paper a virtual angle of rotation is suggested as an alternative output 6  and it is shown that the zerodynamics of the system arising from this output is stable. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. Sort-based bulk loading is a well established technique since it is used in commercial database systems for creating B+-trees from scratch. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Intuitively  , an uncertain value encodes a range of possible values together with our belief in the likelihood of each possible value. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. Finally  , some concluding remarks are given in Section 5 . where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. Furthermore  , accuracy can usually be varied at the cost of recall. A search is an interaction that leads to a result page; a query is a set of terms given by a search. In order for the controller to be proper the order of the denominator of the transfer function is larger than that of the numerator  , the order of GD must be larger than 2. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. Our code generation strategy limits the number of code changes required when the architecture description changes. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition  , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. Using a high-level scripting language as means for monitoring-based layout programming   , adds another dimension of dynamicity. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. The fourth column A-m shows the acquisition method of the material  , which has five values: library Lib  , third-party T-p  , license Lic  , purchase Pur and voluntary deposit V-d. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. Advanced Similarity Search. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. Noise in the form of inaccurate perception of the human's outcome values and actions is another potential challenge. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . For the parse tree in Figure 2  , there are no recursive nodes  , so that #match bufs is estimated as: where the factor 3 is the fanout of node book in the parse tree. Each sampler was allowed to submit exactly 5 million queries to the search engine. Despite the above obstacles  , our experiments – over a corpus of approximately 500 stories from Yahoo! Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. Trust-Serv is complimentary to this work  , as it adds support for dynamic policy evolution. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. In Section 2  , we relate our contribution to previous work in motion planning. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. If the path has no recursive nodes  , the function simply returns the cardinality of the path. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. We review some key threads: 23  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 20. , the formula without the normalization factor and the exponential function. Now if the new advertiser places a bid of z  , then the probability the advertiser wins the auction is F z  , in which case the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period is E˜θE˜θ k+1  The value of the dynamic programming problem that arises from placing the optimal bid z in the current period  , V k x ˜ θ k   , k  , is equal to the immediate reward from bidding z or the negative of the loss function that arises in the current period plus δ times the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. where Wuv is the Pearson correlation between user u and user v  , and k is the number of neighbours. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. This paper proposes a strategy to incorporate temporal models to document classifiers  , aiming to address the two main drawbacks of instance selection and instance weighting approaches. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . As for sponsored search  , an overview is given in 15. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. i.e. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. The description provides enough information to discriminate this starting In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Hence  , the transient performance can be improved. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. The random replacement of duplicate attribute codes as well as the normal randomization of the original attributes necessitates a search for original descriptor/requestor attribute matches subsequent to bucket address decoding during retrieval operation. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. Here we introduce a self-supervised classifier for associating currently detected clusters with previously found objects. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. quasi-Newton method. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. Other search strategies can be specified as well. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Second  , we develop a new dynamic programming based approach for finding all occurrences of a subsequence within a single sequence and by extension within a database of sequences. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. edge in the APT. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. The candidate of route is generated randomly. This portion of the search index will become the actual search content search queries and corresponding search results that will be pushed to end users. Next  , each model's location is estimated. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The experimental results showed that the hybrid approach could produce near-optimal solutions for problems of sizes up to 25 percent bigger than what can be solved previously by dynamic programming. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. By looking into these three topics  , we found that the manual queries for topics 76 and 86 do not have any expansion terms for the query terms selected by Pt | R  , while the idf selected terms do have effective expansion terms. Therefore  , we have conducted some additional experiments in which we have selectively disabled certain parts of the query expansion subsystem. Resolution strategies are developed as a method of " finding " a consistent ontology that meets the needs of the ontology engineer. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. Finally  , edges are inserted between all nodes of the visibility graph that have direct visibility and are assigned edge costs proportional to their Euclidean distances. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. In addition  , letˆMΦletˆ letˆMΦ ∈ R l×1 be the vector of l average performance scores computed based on the query subset  , QΦ  , and the performance matrixˆXmatrixˆ matrixˆX. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The main purpose of this section is to illustrate that the value of learning term given in the previous section will vary with 1 k 2 for large k. We prove this by first showing that the expected efficiency loss arising due to the uncertainty in the eCPM of the ad varies with 1 k for large k  , and then use this to show that the value of learning term varies with This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. The waveform is split into frames often computed every 10-25 milliseconds ms using an overlapping window of 5-10 ms 9. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. As T + 0  , softmax action selection is the same as greedy action selection. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. In many cases  , the presence of trivial modifications make such detection difficult  , since a simple equality test no longer suffices. Remember  , the four components are LCA expansion  , computation of pairwise sentence similarity  , segment ranking and dynamic programming . To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. For current control  , the servo transfer function of output angle as a function of input current is taken from eq 1 as The optimal value of a is sought to maximally constrain the object model. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. If the search succeeds  , then the equivalence check returns false and the oracle reports a failure. The amplifiers introduce an output delay which is slightly more complicated to measure. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp When these optimization-time assumptions are violated at execu-tion time  , m-optimization is needed or performance suffers. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. , 18  , 21. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. SPARQL is a query language for RDF based on graph pattern matching  , which is defined in 4. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. In this work we presented a more efficient way to compute general heuristics for E-Graphs  , especially for those which are not computed using dynamic programming. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. This will often be important because sparse FA is orders of magnitude faster than Pearson correlation or PD on large datasets. For the performance measure we used the Rand Statistic 8  , which measure the agreement between two sets of clusters X and Y for the same set of n objects as: The modifier for class R contains one real data member  , i  , and three member functions  , A  , B and C. The modifier is combined with P under the inheritance rules to get R. Data memberfloat i is a new attribute in R since is does not appear in P. Member function A that is defined in M  , is a new attribute in R since its argument list does not agree with A's argument list in P. Member function A in P is recursive in R since it is inherited unchanged from P. Thus  , R contains two member functions named A. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. Besides  , Query Expansion technology is adopted in this run. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. The transfer function from u=ul u2 t t o e=el e21t is By definition  , the compensator C stabilizes the plant P if Il+PC 1#0 and all the elements of H  P   , G  are stable. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. Though PLSA components of Table 6cover only 4% of the data  , they are quite interesting. Table 4shows the percentage of search sessions not including citation search queries 9.4% compared to the percentage of search sessions not including document search queries. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. 7  , to the query aspects. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. Various programming logics have been used  , such as Hoare Logic  101  , Dynamic Logic 4  , and Boyer-Moore Logic 23. Given our observations on the combined result  , a natural step for future work would prune further to prevent low quality resources from deteriorating high quality resources. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. First  , among others  , Gini et al. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. In Section 2.1  , we study the tag-tag text similarity matrix by Latent Semantic Indexing 1 on tag occurrence. Most of the previous research on predicting ad clickthrough focuses on learning from the content of displayed ads e.g. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. However  , when the attribute vectors that describe objects are in very high dimensional space  , these supervised ordering methods are degraded in prediction performance . While these metrics provide a good estimate of the quality of the search results  , and in turn have been shown to correspond to search effectiveness of users  , these do not take into account the search success of a specific user for a session. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . We then build a new query  , comprising the terms from the original query  , plus the expansion terms for the selected question type. Moreover  , the improvement of CTM over PLSA and NetClus is more significant on the results of papers than other two objects. We now have a better idea about the distribution of the output; this reduction of uncertainty has given us information. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. 's simulated annealing solver. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. Chen Chen et al. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. The model extends the search capabilities of existing methods and can answer more complex search requests. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . In the second step  , a prototypical retrieval system based on Lucene 6 is implemented   , incorporating both an automatic and an interactive mode for query expansion. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. Search history can go back as far as one month. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. Since this is a zero-sum game  , the Minimax value is also used to determine the appraisal variable DesirabilityForOther with other being the user by applying a negative sign to the desirability value. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. Second  , we wanted to prevent over-fitting of the field defect prediction adjustment model i.e. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. To do this  , we expand L into a list of <content-ID  , content-ID  , count of common shingles> triplets by taking each shingle that appears in multiple contents and generating the complete set of <content-ID  , content-ID  , 1> triplets for that shingle. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. Memory management. We scrutinized the cases when external knowledge did not improve query classification  , and identified three main causes for such lack of improvement. PLSA assigns extremely large close to 1 pθ|d of the topic " windy " to Delaware  , and " hurricane " to Hawaii. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. Search results which produce pages of links create an implicit association among the pages  , insofar as the returned pages contain the words given  , but such an association can be distinct from a person's context informing the choice of those terms. Section 4 describes query expansion. The plot shows that generally  , the larger the candidate set  , the better the quality. A probabilistic framework for constructing the timedependent query term similarity model is proposed with the marginalized kernel  , which measures both explicit content similarity and implicit semantics from the click-through data. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . The popular user-user similarity measures are Pearson Correlation Coefficient 4  , 5  and the vector sim- ilarity 3. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. These joints fold only downward  , and have a physical stop to prevent them from folding upwards. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. Patent analysts perform a number of difficult and challenging search tasks such as Novelty search or Infringement search 2 and rely upon sophisticated search functionality  , tools  , and specialised products 1. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . , the close loop transfer function is &ago- nal. This is not surprising for search problems 36  , because the search finishes as soon as one core finds the bug. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. Participants could identify interesting pages in one of two ways. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. , ˆ se = Esij|xij = e. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. The combined resource usually results in a diversification performance in between that of the individual resources combined. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. In addition  , the seating likelihood of better classroom performers in central positions discussed later made the pace variation an important issue for mouse control. Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? However the bottom-up search does perform at least as well as the serial search  , which is a very good result for a clustered search. The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. For other cuboids  , only a single page of memory can be allocated -these cuboids are said to be in the " SortRun " state. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. Second  , the query-expansion feature used is in fact often derived from query co-clicks 13   , thus similar to our query log based positive signals. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. Assume we have two samples of diversification results in terms of α-nDCG@20. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. The creation of the WePS Web People Search corpus consisted of the following steps: 1. The implementation of the cost-based placement strategy is integrated with the planning phase of the optimizer. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. garbage collections. The model image shows the results of surfacing from range data. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Our results show that both proposed methods improve the baseline in different ways  , thus suggesting that Linked Data can be a valuable source of knowledge for the task of concept recommendation. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. An example for this definition is given by evaluating the query from Example 5.1 on the dataset of Example 5.2 delivering the result as indicated in example 5.3. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. In diversity task  , we can consider each query expansion as an aspect or sub-topic of the origin query. I use WebScope Yahoo! This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. If a PN is a valid model of an FMS  , the scheduling problem may be translated into a search problem of finding a desired path with the lowest cost makespan in a graph structure that is the PN reachability tree Murata 1989. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. For example  , with full expansion of all query terms  , CNF expansion Table 3 gets a MAP of 0.2938  , 23% better than 0.2384 of the bag of word expansion with the same expansion terms  , significant at p < 0.0025 by the randomization test and weakly significant at p < 0.0676 by the sign test. In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. Consider the typical search scenario: a user submits a query to a search engine  , the search engine returns a list of ranked Web pages  , then the user clicks on the pages of interest. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this paper  , we are interested not in the standard imputation problem but a variant that can be used in the context of query rewriting. The first task  , namely the technology survey  , consists of 18 expert-defined natural language expressions of the information needed and the task is to retrieve a set of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer the questions. We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. We call this the root dataset. In the paper of Wang and Vidyasagar 5  , it is shown that an alternate transfer function can be chosen which has the property that  , if a given beam is sufficiently rigid or if the hub inertia is sufficiently small  , the transfer function is passive. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. Thus we expand the test query  , and then use the expended query on the matching method. Strategies are presented to allow not only evolution of policies  , but also migration of ongoing negotiations to a new policy. PROCLUS 1 and PreDeCon 4  , are also not considered here. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. auth last idf   , auth mid  , af f tf idf   , jour year dif f   , af f sof ttf idf   , mesh shared idf for RF-P ity between author's middle name are the most predictive variables for disambiguating names in Medline. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . Now we define the evaluation of complex graph patterns by operations on sets of variable assignments similar to 11  , 13. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. CH3COOH. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. In that case  , the response time will be even longer. For all of our approaches  , the number of tensor slices z is set to 7. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. The deviance is a comparative statistic. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. The state evolution is only conditioned on getting the impression and not on the price paid for it. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. For i < j  , we can calculate its value with dynamic programming. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Secondly  , we examined the use of random walks on query graphs for formulating query history as search queries. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. There are various visual distance measures and we arbitrarily use the Pearson correlation distance in these experiments. The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. RANDOOP is closer to the other side of the random-systematic spectrum: it is primarily a random input generator  , but uses techniques that impose some systematization in the search to make it more effective . In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. In addition  , source search engines rarely return a similarity score when presenting a retrieved set. This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. A possible cause for this may be the following. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. The main disadvantage of predicate-based matching is that predicates should be pre-defined in advance. The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. The query expansion procedure of the information retrieval component has been revised and the capability to index nonsegmented audio streams for the unknown story boundaries condition has been added. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. We assume that the number of items to be sorted  , m  , is an exact power of 2. , prompt: Can you say more about that ?. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. Dataset. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. For typical cost functions e.g. The parameters used to plot this transfer function were the same as those in Figure 3 driving frequency. The role of the current work is to lay the groundwork for the development of an efficient  , controllable swimming robot. In CS-DAC  , several rankers are trained simultaneously  , and each ranking function f * k see Equation 3 is optimized using the CS- DAC loss function and hybrid labels. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Moreover  , they consider nonrecursive functions only  , and even the XQuery core cannot optimize recursive functions 2  , 10  , 11 . of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. As a result  , the ordering of items needs to be adjusted. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. sen by an expert panel as search queries; 2 collecting the random sample without specified search terms and extracting appropriate data 2; 3 collecting from specific users that are known to be contributing to the debate 3. ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. We then issued ½¼¼¼ queries selected at random from a publicly available trace of the Excite search engine  , starting with an empty cache. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. Yan and Hauptmann 25  explore query expansion in the setting of multimedia retrieval. Arithmetic operators and the log function are internal nodes while different numerical features of the query and ad terms can be leafs of the function tree. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. Generating all recommendations for one user took 60 milliseconds. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Decentralized Search. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. Our strategy is based on the evolution of the term-class relationship over time  , captured by a metric of dominance. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. GA is a search procedure that uses random choices 8 a guide tool through a coding in the parameter space 9-131. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. Hilbert values. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. TableSeer offers two levels of searches: basic search and advanced search. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. edges  ? It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. The aim is t o provide-at the task levelgeneric and efEcient programming methodologies for rigorous mission specification with a gateway to teleoperation for online user intervention. kgenArgS 12. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. A variation of the memory-based methods 21  , tries to compute the similarity weight matrix between all pairs of items instead of users. The assumption always held for the Oracle 8i DBMS that we used in our TPC-H-based experimentation. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. For a dynamic system  , continuous or discrete  , one can use system poles to determine its dynamic characteristics. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. SchemaSQL 5 implements transposing operations. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. 2007 10 use search engines to get the semantic relatedness between words. hostname based is advisable. We developed an application  , ljclipper  , to restrict the overall friends graph to that induced by a subset of nodes of fixed number  , found using breadth-first search starting from a given seed. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. DLESE resources are contributed or collected from many sources  , and although all the materials need to be within the scope of DLESE as expressed by the Collections Policy  , there was no guarantee of balance in the collection across the many subjects that were of interest to the diverse and generally unknown user groups. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. For the feature sets  , combining the full text terms  , gene entities and MeSH terms is effective but even the combinations of two of them work reasonably well. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. their mAP values: If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. The merge phase consists of one or more merge steps  , each of which combines a number of runs into a single  , longer run. Furthermore  , the content-only score is obtained applying the query expansion technique we used a parameter free model of query expansion with 3 top ranked documents and 20 expansion terms. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. , see 16 . We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. The symbol NONE stands for the pure exact ellipsoid evaluation without using any approxima- tion. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. This indicates that Local Prediction is sufficient and even better than Global Prediction at selecting only a few representative phrases for each aspect. We chose the first 20 changed versions. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. Leaving {πi} N i=1 free is important  , because what we really want is not to maximize the likelihood of generating the query from every document in the collection  , instead  , we want to find a λ that can maximize the likelihood of the query given relevant documents. -PAR 1 is set to maxobj = 100. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Others question the propriety of removing DBMS services such as query optimization and views and suggest utilizing only high level interfaces. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. This is our estimate for the runtime frequency of the path. Without loss of generality we will assume B i ≤ j u ij . Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. Section 2 surveys related work  , while Section 3 describes the pairwise profile similarity function. We got 45% of the questions answered with greater than 0.7 cosine similarity measure. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. , see 7  , 18 and references therein and many approaches have been proposed for its solution. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. It sets the backlight level according to the schedule computed by the Dynamic Programming Module. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. 29 use smoothed contact models to achieve short-horizon motion planning through contact at online rates using differential dynamic programming. PROCLUS 2 seeks to find axis-aligned subspaces by partitioning the set of points and then uses a hill-climbing technique to refine the partitions. The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. Most authors assigned to the same topical community are well connected and closely located  , which presents a much " smoother " pattern than Figure 3a and b. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. First of all  , we present the Pearson correlations between MCAS scores and all the independent variables in Table 1to give some idea of how these factors are related to MCAS score. The key mining and search steps are marked in Figure 3. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. In Section 2  , query model is formalized by defining all the algebraic operations required to compute answers to a query. The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. Although we pointed out the scalability bottleneck associated with sorting the postings in the reducer  , in actuality  , there is no principled reason why this needs to be an in-memory sort. The first search is over the corpus of Web pages crawled by the search engine. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. Typically cursors involve different optimization  , execution and locking strategies depending on a variety of userspecified options. Our work addresses random generation of unit tests for object-oriented programs. Not only does it implement a dynamic search engine  , Dumpling also provides a convenient user interface for a user to compare the results from the dynamic search engine and the static search engine . We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. Random forests use a relatively small number of attributes in determining a test at a node which makes the tree faster to build. Had the transformation to be carried out on the XML transfer syntax  , many of those component properties would need to be collected cumbersomely. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. keys. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Thus any remaining rows from the other side will never be asked for  , and hence are not seen or counted by the monitor. Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. ads that do not appear in search sessions. with t elements and |D| possible tags for each element y i   , i = 1  , · · ·   , t  , the possible number of classes is |D| t . We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. , less than or equal to the sum of the sub-result costs. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. Although some of this dynamic machinery may be accidental and dangerous rather than essential   , the core of this pattern is support for highly configurable user interfaces. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. These video features include motion features e.g. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. In TREC 2006 Shen et al. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. The application of the dynamic programming is also elucidated by /Parodi 84/. The only difference is that the user has the option of creating a text search within a particular node. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. Only these two changes are propagated to ICO. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. This is due to very few documents being popular across different regions. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. The user has one single entry point to start of his information search. As a dynamic weaklytyped language  , JavaScript is easy to understand and write with minimal programming experience. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. We then perform a random walk over the graph  , using query-URLquery transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. , defined by frequencies of events in the sample then uncertain measures are simply summaries of several individual observations for each fact. Parallelism is however recognized as a very important optimization feature for recursive query evaluation. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. An resolution strategy is the policy for evolution with respect to the his/her requirements. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Another approach is to discretize the state space and use dynamic programming 9  , IO . During the preparation phase  , and to better understand our data  , we also explore some correlations between different variables; however  , we didn't reach any significant correlation. The entire search log is collected and stored by a single entity  , such as a search engine company. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. Therefore Lye have the following result. It assumes a value of 1 if the leg is on the ground and 0 otherwise. However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. The density function h for the ratings can be written as: For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . An additional dimension of support for dynamic layout programming is enabled with the monitoring information supplied by the Core. In addition  , the system must issue a confidence score ∈0  , 1000 ∈ Z where 1000 is very confident. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. For Chinese news  , word segmentation and stop-word removal are applied. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. The second author then revealed the actual changes and the black-box testing results. , alignments between clinical concepts which determines to which extent the search functionality can be improved. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. In 6 is clarified that query reformulation involves either the restructuring of the original query or by adding new terms  , while query expansion is limited to adding new terms to the original query. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. The difference between CCA and PLS is that CCA utilizes cosine as the similarity function while PLS learns dot product. Each grasping action corresponds to an orientation of the gripper. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. 2 Newton Method: The Newton method uses the second order properties of the log-likelihood function to compute descent direction. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. Our model without φ geo   , η user and θ user : This is essentially very similar to Baseline. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. But finding the document and extracting it remains at least as difficult as interpreting the document file's original bitstream. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. This labeling and model fitting is performed off-line and only once for each sensor. With the similarity in terms of technology and interface design  , why do only a small number of search engines dominant Web traffic ? The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. At the end of the KB Linking step  , we have textual triples which are mapped to KB triples either partly or completely. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. If the term J w2dm is not neglected in 13  , then j  t  = the user leaving the ad landing page. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. The two curves on the right show two stock market charts and their corresponding time wrapping function 21. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. These URIs are then utilized to build archive profiles. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. In contrast  , opt nttcmpts to minimize cost by merging as few runs in the first step as possible without increasing the number of merge steps. To calculate the failure probabilities of the subsystems  , we searched the IEEE Std. , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. All reviewers had the same experience. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. The primitives are learned using a modified version of the evolution strategy  , which allows us to deal with the noise normally present in tasks involving complex interactions between a robot and its environment. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. As a result  , a local search produces a ranked list of entities from a local search business database; for ease of notation  , we will refer to these entities as businesses in the following  , as these are the most common form of local search results. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. Some comparison between the methods can be found in the section 3.3 and discussion about the biological relevance of the results in the section 3.4. The average mutual information Shannon entropy decrease measures the average information shared by the antecedent and the consequent. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Experimentally this proved to be effective and allows the dynamic programming procedure to find the optimal solution within around 3 minutes on our largest datasets. To overcome this problem  , we used a statistical method introduced by Clifford et al. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. Features based on selected subsequences substrings in names and partial formulae in formulae should be used as tokens for search and ranking. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. We initially clone the live object set to know what it was set to before we begin walking the object graph. Assignment to a cluster center is achieved using hillclimbing on the same density landscape. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. This is a result of the possibility to sort out a different number of facets during the construction of the lists Sij. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. In addition   , the importance of the original query concepts is maintained after query expansion by using a geometric progression to normalize the contributed of the expansion terms. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Most other operators  , except aggregations  , can be changed to operate directly on these tuplecodes. This further substantiates the finding that search features support as well as impede information seeking 1. Therefore  , the unvisited POIs also contribute to learning the model  , while they are ignored in conventional MF. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. Each single dimensional optimization problem is solved using a simple line search. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. Furthermore  , we apply the 'exact match' strategy. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. In Figure 4we showed the slopes ρ of the OR fitting for the IEDs of all individuals of our datasets. One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. , 1994; Thompson  , 1990. In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. it changes the schema of the contained elements. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. The primary contribution of this research is to underscore the importance of algebraic optimization for sequence queries along with a declarative language in which to express them. Transfer function data appear to have good properties in the the procedure of object identification here presented. Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. Then  , we calculate the macro-average value for each unique pair of queries across all search sessions. Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. As far as we know  , this is the first work to incorporate the factor of retrieval effectiveness of search engines into the task of federated search. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. We induce m language models  , one per hashtag. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. The most essential and unique characteristic of FarGo is its extensive support for programming the dynamic layout separately from the application's logic. For instance  , let us suppose that we start with 5 links from each search engine links 1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 and select the 1 st from 1 st engine  , 3 rd from 2 nd engine  , and 5 th from 4 th engine. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. A value k of variable b i means there are k transactions from equivalence class i in the tidset  , hence it is constrained to be at most the number of variables it substitutes. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. We can see from the table that runs using random forest have better retrieval performance than others. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Therefore  , the only parameter to%e estimated and used as input t ,o the fuzzy controller was the fundamental frequency of the beam. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . Join indexes can now be fully described. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Feet with folding sections aligned front to back which remain flat during the slap and stroke phase and which collapse during retraction from the water were found to provide the largest lift and create the least drag. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. Solving this exactly is only possible for very small test collections. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. For each system and each search space configuration  , we compute over the 24 defects that have correct patches in the full SPR and Prophet search space 1 the total number of patches the developer reviews this number is the cost and 2 the total number of defects for which the developer obtains a correct patch this number is the payoff. This can be computationally intensive because the bubble sort needs to  apply to all the branches affected by the change in item fre- quency. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. contains the comparison operators   , σ  , which are able to work uniformly on compressed and uncompressed inputs; it is the task of the optimizer to i determine which one to use and ii make sure that the proper compression / decompression steps have been taken so that the attributes to be compared by or σ have the same compression status. Search for information online through general or dedicated search engines becomes a part of our daily life. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. Recent years have witnessed an increasing number of vertical search services e.g. However  , we improved upon this result in our XSEarch implementation by using dynamic programming. Another obvious way to deal with memory Iluctuations during the merge phase is to resort to MRU paging whencvcr the memory available to an external sort is insufficient to hold all the input buffers for its current merge step. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. The model of score distributions was used to combine the results from different search engines to produce a meta-search engine. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . Some of the demographic information  , such as gender  , age  , and specific conditions  , such as patients weight  , were only mentioned in the text. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. For the log-based query expansion  , we use 40 expansion terms. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. A character-level FM-INDEX for a text can be stored in a fraction of the space occupied by the text itself  , and provides pattern search and with small overhead random-access decoding from any location in the text. Due to the ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space  , hash-based methods have received much more attention in recent years. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. Efficient rank aggregation is the key to a useful search engine. In this paper  , we conducted a preliminary study on using PLSA models to capture hidden aspects of retrieved passages. Of these  , the majority of subjects expected that clicking on a vertical tab would display a specific type of search result. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. 11shows the final result. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . The following discrete time equation expresses the repetitive compensation: , volume that is outside the ellipsoid  , which creates many false positives during search. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. It is a generai unsupervised tool for ordering highdimensionai statistical data in such a way that alike input items are mapped close to each other. In Archimedes 2 we currently have implemented three degrees of optimization: a full state-space search  , a search in a subspace of plans which use given subassemblies   , and a non-optimized " first feasible plan " method. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . Fig- ure 3 and at all ranks Figure 4. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. We will now incorporate the mechanical dynamics into the model to determine their effect on closed-loop performance. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Therefore  , these desktop tools are starting to reach a much larger user base. In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. The indexed translations are part of the corpus distribution. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . Departing from the dynamic programming framework also frees the approach proposed in this paper from requiring a specified initial and goal configuration. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. v Simulation. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model. The automatically generated textual description of answers enables the system to be used in desktop or smaller devices  , where expressing the answer in a textual form can provide a succinct summary of multiple diagrams and charts  , or in settings where text is required e.g. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. It is interesting to observe that batch size equal to 1/2 day gives the best performance. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. We provided empirical evalution on two real-world relational datasets  , but the models we propose can be used for classification tasks in any relational domain due to their simplicity and generality. Subjects provided demographic information and information about prior search experience and attitudes in a preexperiment questionnaire. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . Our solution was to extend PAISLey informally. , metacrawler 3 and many W eb users build their own meta-search engines. In a distributed search engine  , a search site indexes locally only a fraction of the documents. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. As these predictors incorporate free parameters  , we apply a train-test approach to set the values of the parameters. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. The disjunctions of certain reduced atomic index terms would then be query cluster representatives. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. Figure 8 : Compare the F 1 score higher is better when using different groups of features. textual relation expressions  , augmented with a ranked set of DBpedia properties. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. In the case where there were many profiles of the same size  , we used the mean time of profiles of that size. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. We consider two cases  , depending on the actuator location -at the motor figure 9.a and at the joint figure 9.b. Some instructions require a full word search or rewrite operand long instructions but others do not short instructions. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. However  , a pipelined execution of a query can be obtained by a depth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. The learned prediction model is defined as follows: The correlation coefficients obtained for this model  , are 0.412 +12.88%  , 0.559+22.59%  , and 0.539 +22.22%  , for K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson respectively. Due to the smaller number of sets  , D  , in our case 50 ,000 instead of all the Internet documents we assumed that all the D samples from one permutation can fit in memory. For example  , a user can search formulae that have two to four C  , four to ten H  , and may have a substructure of CH2  , using a conjunctive search of a full frequency search C2-4H4-10 and a substructure search of CH2. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. The KS-distance as defined below Another body of work attempts to address privacy concerns differently. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. So exhaustively selecting a query that maximizes the expected utility is computationally very intensive and is infeasible for most interesting problems. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. For a value of a property  , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . As a consequence  , there exist a number of dedicated news search engines and many of the major search portals offer a dedicated news search tab. This heuristic then guides an A* search  , which takes place directly on the prophet graph. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. Furthermore  , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia  , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang  , Roland Meyer  , Thomas Wirtz  , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. Search interrmxhary elicitation during the online search stage largely focused on search strategy and terms  , followed by the online relevance elicitation requesting users to judge the relevance of the output.  Body-part names. structure. For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. One simple classical compensation method is to create a dominant pole in the loop transfer function Roberge  , 1975. in open loop mode  , the response should be very underdamped since k~ may be high for a stiff environment. Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. We conquer the problem by using variable template matching VTM method taking the sile of landmark into the parameters of' landmark  , too. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. Moreover  , we develop a refined query expansion mechanism that uses the fields. We formulate the search for a grasp as a sensor-space search over the object surface  , rather than a search through the robot configuration space or its coordinate system. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. search. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. There are two important functions involved in deriving the grasping plans for a given part. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. In these methods  , all the questions that a user accesses are treated as one document. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. We hope to speed up the current method with the current hardware configuration. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. Lib instances. It incorporates the developed strategy of predation in an attempt to improve system performance. For a detailed presentation of DBSCAN see We omit the term " wrt. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. This probability is embedded in the complete data likelihood and since all distributions are normal  , P Un ,u|rest is also normal. The definition generation module first extracts definition sentences from the document set. However  , such approaches have not exploited the query optimization techniques existing in the DBMSs. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . The size of the plan space is a function of the query size and complexity but also proportional to the number of exploration rules that created alternatives during optimization. IICHI optimal. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. 2 is minimized. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. Search box should be positioned early enough in the code of the page so as to be accessible easily. For the Google and NSDL General Search interfaces  , participants' online behaviors were defined as search whenever the search interface screen was displayed; in these interfaces  , search mainly consisted of keyword generation and submission. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. However  , it takes long time to recognize landmark. To perform a temporal search  , we must identify temporal queries used for a search task. Therefore  , it is only applicable to the concepts that are explicitly present in the query  , and not to the latent concepts that are obtained through query expansion. To account for these situations  , we must slightly modify the strategy defined above to detect whether a method is part of a change chain. In Figure 2  , we show two examples of ranking modules both by estimated and actual number of post-release defects. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that studies academic query classification. The random testing phase of hybrid concolic testing can enter garbage text into the buffer easily thus enabling the line deletion command. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. Furthermore  , the following more-detailed research questions are addressed:  Can ontologies generate added value in query expansion mechanisms  , as compared to thesauri ? This learning method focuses on those portions in which a long-time is spent  , even though the movement slightly changes because those portions are of great importance in achieving the task. The S-PLSA model can be trained in a batch manner on a collection of reviews  , and then be applied to analyze others. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. The discrepancy of 6.5-6.1 = .4 articles/search is made up of articles which NewsTroll did not judge to be related  , i.e. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. Search trails are encoded to a string for studying various patterns in the trail. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Internet advertising is a complex problem. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. The concern model is a connected graph  , defining a view over the system that is complementary to Eclipse's standard package explorer. To define the embedding for a set of words W   , we define g : W → v W ∈ R d that computes embedding as: Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. To verify the transfer function of the link in time domain  , a step input of 75 volts was applied to the actuator. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. In Section 4.1 we provide the details of the query expansion method used for experiments. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. The overlap continues in the 60- 80% range through the extent of the entire 28 day data set. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. For SJSI\4  , the two relations are each sorted al their local sites first IO increase parallelism. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. It remains unchanged. Experimental timing results show that the method can be incorporated into existing search engine technology 8  , 5. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. Note that the dependence of transfer functions on s is not denoted throughout the paper. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. Web-queries and ad-creatives are both very short  , so we hypothesized that query-expansion would be useful. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. An approximate line load was applied normally at 0.6 mm steps along 2 while recording one tactel dots in Fig. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. II. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. Techniques for efficient query expansion. Given an event stream we seek to find a low cost state sequence that is likely to generate that stream. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Note that 2.3 is a recursive call for a NE ?J ? We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. For preliminary findings  , the study selected 8 libraries with the highest and lowest results of accessibility and conducted the Pearson correlation test to investigate whether or not there was any association between accessibility and library funding. 5 we can derive the expression C In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. We believe that our approach is more realistic in the long run. This can be done by computing B i X −1 p i where p i are the segmented model points in the first case  , and the segmented bead in the second case. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. Meanwhile  , because traditional evaluation metrics cannot meet the special requirements of QA communities  , we also propose a novel metric to evaluate the recommendation performance. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. , null  , then only the plain table scan is a possible candidate. We define the problem of subset selection in hierarchical clusters: choose a set of disjoint clusters that have exactly or at least k vertices. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. While the first active genetic programming approach was presented in 4  , similar approaches for LD were developed later 7 ,15 . Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. Note that as the number of search points in the random selection increases  , the exploredlviewed space grows more uniformly measured as the standard deviation of the radius of every point in the viewed environment space. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. The transfer function for feh  , when all the mappings of Figure 7are transfer function matrices  , can be written as: In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. The main difference with Eq. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. Our long-term goal is to develop the computational underpinnings that will allow a robot to learn new patterns of interaction from an inexperienced person's instructions. Accepting Qud moves corresponds I ,O a " hill climbing " IC91: on the other side of IJtc! If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. Comparison with DBSCAN. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. The variational parameters learned in this step The proposed system uses that information along with pure training samples defined by an unsupervised approach   , in a hybrid classification scheme. This value is the effect of the system used during the search  , plus random error. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. The crawl occurred in January  , 2002 and was made to mimic the way a real search service of the .gov pages might make a crawl. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. For many single terms  , temporal significance is implied by their context i.e. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. We stop coarsening the mesh before it degenerates and then apply a random initialization of contacts. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. Having attained a very accurate kinematic parameters  , the analytical and experimental models matched very well. Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. Using the enumeration tree as shown in Figure 2  , we can describe recent approaches to the problem of mining MFI. There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. The performance of EVIS on Lawrence's instances is shown in Table 2 For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. In this approach  , the actual contact forces shall be available via force sensors and assigned to be the desired vector Z  , such that the objective function as shown in Eq. Both experiments show significant improvement over baseline systems. The bounding boxes contain a large fraction of " dead space "   , i.e. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. Currently  , to the best of our knowledge  , all of the existing search engines have been examined only for small and/or unreal data. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. A search field above the results panel is used to perform keyword searches. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. One formula we have formally derived and successfully tested on previous TREC collections is: Our term weight w of Formula 2 will be thus a function of 6 random variables: w = wF; tfn; n; N = wF ; t f ; n ; N ; l ; a v g l where l is the document length avg l is the length mean We postpone the discussion about the probability functions used to instantiate this framework and the choice of parameter c to Section 4.2. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. Finally  , although we only discuss similarity search with PLA over static time-series databases  , another possible future extension is to apply our proposed PLA lower bound to the search problem in streaming environment. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. SV M struct is one of the support vector machine implementations for sequence labeling 16. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. They were also given instructions on completing the dual task. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. This paper focuses on find-similar's use as a search tool rather than as a browsing interface. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. Here  , σ is the sigmoid function that has an output in 0  , 1  , tanh denotes the hyperbolic tangent function that has an output in −1  , 1   , and denotes the component-wise multiplication . We expect that using query expansion in both collection selection and retrieval stages will eliminate this problem and further improve retrieval performance. Table 2   , we list the retrieval performance of query expansion using different β-values of 0.01  , 0.03  , 0.05 and 0.1. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. One of the receive transitions is chosen nondeterministically and the associated incoming message is returned.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. A nice discussion of the details involved in implementing rcplaccment sclccction can be found in Salz90. 11   , who have described the development of the Electronic Manipulus Florum project 4   , a digitized collection of Latin quotations  , as well as the Janus search engine that finds overlap between user query text and the Florum quotations despite the existence of complex variants. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. It is of the following form: To do this  , we split the citations of the small datasets into training and testing sets and compared the performance of models learned on the training sets to " unlearned " models whose feature weights were all set equal to the same constant " 1. " Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. Reordering Boxes. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. The commonly known Best First Planning 9  will also be adopted to search an optimal path. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function Gt = CIC2 and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. 11 selected strongly correlated genes for accurate disease classification by using pathways as prior knowledge. 2 builds a self-folding crease pattern in On 2  time and space. Their approach is to reduce this optimization problem to a dynamic programming recurrence which is solved in Θm 3  time and Θm 2  space  , where m is the input size. The first one is the residual-based stiffness estimator in 14. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. Consider now a database with numerous  , medium or large images where users can ask any type of queries i.e. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. For a survey of works on search behavior  , see 11. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. An application which distinguishes itself clearly from the stationary method is described by /Linden 86/ for the Autonomous Land Vehicle ALV. We form such feature vectors for all synonymous word-pairs positive training examples as well as for non-synonymous word-pairs negative training examples. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of related work in the field of music retrieval. The Kendall's τ should be compared with the 0.742 correlation for ranking the TREC 2004 systems based on the TREC 2003 versus the TREC 2004 topics; the Pearson's coefficients should be compared with the 0.943 correlation on scores between the two topic sets. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. For the strict relevance criterion  , the recall improved by 18% 0.048 to 33.2% 103 exactly correct definitions   , and the precision declined only slightly with 420 false positives to 19.7% F1 24.7%. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . During testj'lg phase  , the texture feature of testing im­ age will be extmcted. Mardy and Dar- wish 12 provide results for the OCR of Arabic text  , using confusion matrices based on training data from the Arabic documents. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. In an object like a dimpled sphere such as a golf ball  , the concavity regions are disjoint sets of features. It uses dynamic programming in order to bring the global and local route planning together. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. , Ohloh Code since both are using the same underlying search model that is vector space model. Items that warrant camera-imaging often introduce more complex distortions that cannot be corrected by these techniques. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. Normalized pointwise mutual information npmi was computed over token bigrams appearing in a random sample from the Yahoo! al 29 considered acronym expansion. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. In order to improve the retrieval recall we decided to set up a full automatic query expansion module. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. The identical boolean factors are executed repeatedly over the same data set in the S-Data SteM. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . 3 When the searcher could not find desired search results in a single pass  , he usually resorted to iterative search. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. We further introduce probabilistic model to describe latent semantics. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. , which already have departure from the original goal of TREC in some degree. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. If a node has a single state it is labeled solved. Therefore  , in order to construct the model based pressure distribution image  , it is much easier to use the hollow model than the solid model. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. To eliminate outliers and potential noise  , we only consider ages for which we have at least 100 observations. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. One challenge with operationalizing use diffusion in a computational method is modeling variety in a way that is application independent; we chose to use Shannon entropy 21  , a mathematical construct from information theory  , to model variety. For the running example  , the maximum value of 20.0 % of the likelihood function is three times as high as its lowest non-zero value of 6.7 %. We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. The NN plan using naive pointer chasing both for Map lookup and dereferencing S does not even show up in the plot due to its run time of 6'20 hours for 1 MB to 4' 10 hours for a 6 MB buffer. A vision servo control for a robotic sewing system has been described. However  , these systems are not typical recommender systems in essence in that they have not taken users' interest into account. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Instead  , one could implement a multi-pass on-disk merge sort within the reducer. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. We made the simplifying assumption that the features were multivariate normal. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. , 9. These successes sparked a flurry of activity in which P R M motion planning techniques were applied to a number of challenging problems arising in a variety of fields including robotics e.g. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. The human may set goals into the autonomous system  , and then later be called on to enter tasks to help the system reach either cognitive or manipulation subgoals. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. In this paper  , we propose a novel image search system  , which presents a novel interface to enable users to intuitively indicate the search goal by formulating the query in a visual manner  , i.e. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. In addition  , these supervised techniques take into account only the explicit query concepts and disregard the latent concepts that can be associated with the query via expansion. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. The path is computed using dynamic programming with a cost function that is proportional to path lengthes and to the potential along the paths. The second set of issues involve data mining  , such as mining frequent substructures 6  , 11  , and similarity structure search 25  , 7  , 19  , 27   , which use some specific methods to measure the similarity of two patterns. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. To determine if this is a significant effect  , we correlate the first infection duration with reinfection . After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. All these benefits are derived from the intensive use of generative pro- gramming. We have shown a successful application of casebased search in the domain of assembly sequence generation . However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. We express the characteristic of safety strategies for minimizing the impact force by using a block chart  , which is popular in the control field. The client-side template engine uses two functionalities  , XMLHttpRequest XHR and Dynamic HTML DHTML  , which are available for scripts running on recent Web browsers. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. We have included two of the highly performing methods on 2012 CCR task as baselines. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. We observed a high variance in success rates between programs. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. Users can browse and re-search with facets on the facet tree and panel. In 3   , the authors also developed a collaborative search system named I-SPY. For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. When defining a resolution strategy  , one therefore has to make sure that the application of the resolution strategy terminates  , either by prohibiting that a resolution function introduces inconsistencies with respect to any defined consistency condition  , or by other means  , such as cycle detection. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Instead of joins  , the optimiser must now enumerate G-Joins  , and must position G-Aggs  , G-Restricts  , Projects   , and Delta-Projects relative to the G-Jo&. Most programs written in procedural programming languages fall into this category. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. He collected the following kinds of pairs of Web pages: Random: Two different pages were sampled uniformly at random uar from the collection. In particular  , this loop can dramatically reduce the friction felt by the operator and dramatically improve the " transparency " of a teleoperation system. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . Thus  , selective expansion may actually do better than the reported performance from the simulations. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. For histograms the interface would be the boundary bucket which contains the partition; for wavelets this would be the interaction with the sibling. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. Can we predict community acceptance ? We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. The goal for any search is to return documents that are most similar to the query  , ordered by their similarity score. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. In this case  , since the hub inertia of the flexible link may increase over its critical value at which the passivity of the transfer function is lost  , some modifications are made in the application of original passive controller 5. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . Combined with the intensity measure  , these features point to a more temporally structured query. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. The key elements to achieve this dynamic folding of the cloth are: appropriate deformation to fold the cloth and grasping the end of the deformed cloth. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. Each participant was asked to complete all of the 12 search tasks in a random order. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. In the second stage  , we compute all those documents which contain these lexical chains with the use of this index. First  , we propose a novel model to support context-aware search. In the previous section  , we explained the main hypothesis of the search-dominant model  , Proposition 3  , that shows how visit popularity is related to the simple popularity. Then we give an overview of how a query is executed; this naturally leads to hub selection and query optimization issues. The performance of the translation of popular Web queries was better than that of random Web queries because random Web queries were too diverse. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. Additionally   , search engine query logs can be used to incorporate query context derived from users' search histories  , leading to better query language models that improve search accuracy 42. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Since the malicious part is encrypted  , the behavior of the active virus cannot be determined by program code checking. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 In the latter case  , we computed the similarity between each search keyword and a given URL function inFuzzy. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. with PPR M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result.