Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Scenario. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. Regularization via ℓ 2 norm  , on the other hand  , uses the sum of squares of parameters and thus can make a smooth regularization and effectively deal with over-fitting. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. Then  , further simulations were performed. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. The abstract page displays a full meta-record title  , authors  , abstract  , rights etc. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. However  , there is no step response experiment for the fuel mass measurements from sensor WIA 2. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. During the final phase of resolution i.e. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. However  , it is at the cost of the system stability robustness with respect to the ununiform plant model perturbation in high frequency subhands. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is done by adding  , to the control current  , the current equivalent to these torques and is given by where C is the stiffness of the arm. In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. This transfer function was then used to design the zero phase error tracking controller. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. This makes the results directly comparable to the ones reported by participants of the TREC-6 CLIR task. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. A class of outputs which lead to a minimum phase transfer function for single-link flexible robots have been presented in 8. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. Thus  , our query expansion was topic-independent. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. This conclusion is consistent with the phase-plane charts  , that revealed low frequency drifts  , while Finally  , we analise the influence of the excitation upon the fractional order transfer function. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. The above methods can only be applied t o overdamped systems. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. 11show the Bode plot of the resulting identified transfer function contact force versus normal velocity. ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. Figure  1shows the results. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. An alternative to template based matching is fitting of a motion model to a gradient field the motion field. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. Figure 11shows another mapping. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . The 1/0 stabilizing decoupling controller for stabilizable rational proper minimum phase and full row range systems of 9  , is used. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. There are something good and something bad. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. To that end  , a transfer function approach to the open loop dynamics of the translating foil was presented. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. The human operator exerts a velocity step. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. Two different approaches are compared. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. The lower part of figure 4shows a double pure integration in the transfer function for the y-coordinate. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. This is in contrast to the more widely adopted fitting approach of ordinary least squares where only one variable in the model is assumed to contain error. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Under the time delay of T   , moreover  , this system promises to produce the goal response of the system z ,t -T without affecting system stability in a delay-free environment.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. A summary of the hydrodynamic models developed by von K a r m h and Sears  , and Lighthill has been presented and has been applied to the investigation of elastic energy storage in a harmonically oscillating foil in a free stream. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. 3 taking its Laplace Transform as follows: 4 we can express the angular position of the motor shaft related with the aneular disulacement of the rollers: that is  , afterwards  , the transfer function of the scrollic gripper relating the applied voltage to the angular displacement of the rollers. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. The first two clamped-free and pinned-free frequencies computed from the analytical model agree within 10% with the measured frequencies. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. they are equivalent. While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. For all the projects there is a significant difference between the simpler model in Equation 4 and the model in Equation 3  , showing that fitting curves separately for different initial conditions significantly improves the model fit. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. It remains unchanged. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. 4 where Fc is Coulomb friction force  , while sPs denotes the position control sensitivity transfer function. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. Otherwise  , the transfer function 28 should be realized by means of switching circuits or by software. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. Recommending useful entities e.g. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. A brief introduction to word embedding. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. However  , even for these small datasets  , the spectral approach ran out of memory. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. The cut off frequency of the LPF is much lower than the resonance frequency of the In general  , the transfer function of a multilayer piezo is represented by the second order system. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. force unloading no saturation Fig. Using such a technique leads to a significant increase in its efficiency. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . In Table 2  , Query Expansion indicates whether query expansion is used. Internet advertising is a complex problem. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. In particular  , Vidyasagar presented a transfer function of the flexible heam based on the Euler-Bernoulli model that has the nice property to be passive  To evaluate the performance of different architectures including the behavior of the operator  , it is common to use a group of people working on a certain task 2224. In this case simpler controller for velocity tracking can he desioned. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. However  , we can derive the more interesting transfer function between actuator position/velocity and actuator force by viewing our system as shown in equivalence. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The bottom part displays page content  , with search terms highlighted; a text box lets users jump directly to specific pages  , and prev/next buttons let users scroll through the book a page at a time. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " Besides the reference and value dependency sets in this table  , the static types of these values should also be calculated as defined in the language specifications. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. Figure 7 shows the arrangement of the singlemass arm. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. Whenever an external force is applied to the hand controller  , the end-point of the hand controller will move in response. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. One major default mode that can alterate this function is the seizing of the pump axis. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. Transfer of control from a menu to a function is specified by evaluation of a mapping whose evaluation represents execution of the function and whose value represents the state in which the system returns to the menu. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . This work uses fully automatic query expansion. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. We derive a transfer function for the pulling feeder for convex polygonal parts  , i.e. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . We now examine the bid variation in accounts. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. This work is structured as follows. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. syntactic and semantic information . Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. Figure 2gives an example of the summary hierarchy. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. All signals within that range are amplified to near the high-end attenuation point. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. One of the importance functions we consider in this paper is a decaying function  , where queries earlier in a user's context are considered less important than more recent queries. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. Teleporting is a search strategy where the user tries to jump directly to the information target  , e. g.  , the query 'phone number of the DFKI KM-Group secretary' delivers the document which contains the wanted phone number 23. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. Note that the plane fitting test could be as well used as a verification method in the event that no compatible scene vertices were detected. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. To overcome these modeling difficulties  , we performed system identification on the manipulator to determine an accurate transfer function for free and constrained motions. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . As such  , skills do not transfer well from one environment to the next  , from one robot platform to another  , and from simulation to reality. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. make the response of the motor position much faster than the response of the tip position control loop outer loop in Figure 1. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. Section 5 outlines the test data. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " a variable for the solving method. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations.