Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. Search quality is measured by recall. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. The main strategy underlying SemDiff relies on a number of hypotheses we made on framework evolution. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. Furthermore  , it creates and initializes the pools. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. Using this approach we can obtain the transfer function of a system. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. Based on these simplifications  , we measure the performance change due to the expansion term e by the ratio: In order to make the test simpler  , we make the following simplifications: 1 Each expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight λit is set at 0.01 or -0.01. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. The index is dependent on the transfer function. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. Initialization. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. it contains only diagonal elements. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. We will call this type of reward function sparse. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. Emotion Words. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. Consequently  , the actuator's dynamics can be represented by a simple transfer function: of the external wrench w and with the choice of cts. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. special effects. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. Multiply translations act as the query expansion. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. This can be calculated in JavaScript. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. Space asks the user to define this mapping. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. This paper is organized as follows. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. The real execution time of the conversion functions depends on the implementation strategy chosen as it will be described in Figure 1: Schema evolution until time t4. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. reduction of error  , e.g. Results. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. Another important difference is that the transfer function model used in 4 Net tip position yt may then differ substantially from y 't and exhibit large oscillations. The dynamics of HSI and TO are assumed to be negligible  , they are modeled as ideal transducers with unity transfer functions. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. In contrast  , the positional error of the developed micro transfer arm is represented in a simple form as a function of only arm length. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. Ranking the words according to their scores. Game theory seems to provide a natural setting to study these types of problem  , since it has been used in the past to successfully model other uncertain systems . The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. The likelihood function is a statistical concept. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. This subsection presents the data preparation  , label set and performance metrics. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. Therefore  , if the revolution of one roller is reduced some obstacle or problem  , the revolution of one of the other rollers is increased by the function of the differential gear  , and we can correctly transfer the motor power to the endoscope. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. Some categories have a high Pearson correlation. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. Also  , it is very difficult to search for syllabi on a per-subject basis or restrict the search to just syllabi if one is looking for something specific—like how many syllabi use a certain text book for instance. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem. In a very recent work 4  , the author proposed a topic dependent method for sentiment retrieval  , which assumed that a sentence was generated from a probabilistic model consisting of both a topic language model and a sentiment language model. The directory space. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. These search results were then presented in random order to the disambiguation system. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. Protein Folding. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. The idea of constructing search trees from the initial and goal configurations comes from classical AI bidirectional search  , and an overview of its use in previous motion planning methods appears in 12 . The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. Also  , these well-known specifications such as overshoot  , peak time  , and tracking error  , etc. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense.   , the discrete transfer function of the simplified controller can be written as  on the horizontal air table with minimal friction. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. Feasible ? This work is structured as follows. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Due to the simplicity of the flotor dynamics  , a n y proper  , stable  , real-rational transfer function can be obtained from the desired acceleration a  , to the actual acceleration a of the flotor of course  , there will be limits on achievable performance due to plant uncertainty  , actuator saturation  , etc. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Definition 18. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping.  the autocorrelation of the signal. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity for all queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. Since the surveys  , there have been a few papers which gave comparable or better results than Pearson correlation on some datasets. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. Therefore  , the reactive evolution strategy is better for rapid responses to emerging features and reducing the risk of misestimating the evolution trends. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. The Ager interacts with one or more evolution controllers to obtain information about relevant evolution-indicating events. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. Rank-GeoFM/G denotes our model without considering the geographical influence. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. Our final data set consisted of 224k search sessions  , corresponding to 88k users. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. This can be achieved by a classical PID-controller. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . The ad-hoc policy results in probabilistic updates  , and a search based on manually generated heuristics and some random actions 23. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. Since existing Web mirroring tools  , like " rsync " 1  , usually mirror a site according to its Web site directory tree  , we study the evolutionary characteristics of Web site directory structure. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. states from which no final states can be reached. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. These motifs co-occur together very often. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Perhaps more surprising is the fact that a simple keyword search  , composed without prior knowledge of the collection  , almost always yields a more effective seed set than random selection  , whether for CAL  , SAL  , or SPL. As a similarity measure  , the commonly used Pearson correlation coefficient is chosen. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. We found that electrons are transferred from outer tube to the inner tube with charge transfer density of 0.002 e/Å. To evaluate the resulting context vectors  , we manually constructed a search query incorporating the ambiguous word and its most discriminating related words for each major word sense found. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. Internet advertising is a complex problem. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. Statistically speaking  , this is a fairly strong correlation; however  , the inconsistencies are enough to cloud whether the small accuracy improvements often reported in the literature are in fact meaningful. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. Several different categories of games exist 3. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. The electrothermal actuators used in the AFAM can be represented by a first order transfer function 13 with a typical thermal bandwidth of 50Hz. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. B feature vector construction for target papers using the discovered potential citation papers. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. For an environment depicted in Fig. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function The capacitor's recommended value is given as 0.022 uF. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. Such a technique can be extended to more complex situations with larger number of unknown parameters and system states. Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. Its reaction is modeled by an admittance with serial spring-damper dynamics with the transfer function s/s + 0.5. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. Expansion is followed by query translation. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. This objective is well-suited to the general XFl ,problem. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. Translating pieces of words seems odd. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. The inference is performed by Variational EM. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. In order to transfer the knowledge smoor;hly  , the state spaces in both the previous and current stages should be consistent with each other. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. This gives the system the ability to handle failures or unexpected events that occur during the execution proces. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. RDMA measures the deviation of agreement from other users on a set of target items  , combined with the inverse rating frequency for these items. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. To help mitigate the danger of over-fitting i.e. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . In order to test the effectiveness of the impedance controller with a single d.0.f. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. One scenario is that no range information is available. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. Only these two changes are propagated to ICO. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. We first analyze the possible configurations of the finger with respect to the part. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. the strategy management a tool has been implemented in Java which enables the definition of new aging strategies e.g. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. There have been many studies on this problem. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. This is also observed in our experiments. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. lo  , variations in the transfer function of the controlled system should be given in advance. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. As expected  , the Pearson coefficient suggests a negative correlation between the quality of QAC rankings and the average forecast errors of the top five candidates r ≈ −0.17 for SMAPE-Spearman and r ≈ −0.21 for SMAPE-MRR. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. The elbow joint is analyzed exclusively in the following discussion because it was representative of the procedure used for all of the Schilling Titan I1 joints and it exhibited the most severe control challenges.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . Search Engine with interactive query expansion and with advance search options semi+. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. At last Spliced fiber is reinforced by the reinforcing membersFig.8 and it is brought out. The query expansion is performed by integrating the keyword-based query context into DFR-based sequential dependence model where concepts are presented as keywords rather than CUIs. The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. Researchers in fields as diverse as CSCW  , Web technologies  , crowdsourcing   , social structures  , or game theory  , have long studied them from different perspectives  , from the behaviour and level of participation of specific groups and individuals Lampe and Johnston 2005; Arguello et al. The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. We are not surprised for this experimental results. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. Pheromone decay is: Since the initial exploration of the search space is usually random set  , the value of the initial phases is not very informative and it is important for the system to slowly forget it. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. Regular path expression. However  , best-first search also has some problems. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. This simulated evolution took much of the complexity of the system away and provided important insights on the specification of the predation strategy to be used with the real robots. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to infer the strength of document-person associations beyond authorship attribution for expert search in academia. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. The authors describe a technique which uses random walks to estimate the RankMass of a search engine's index. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. The runs which do candidate selection fig. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. We start by determining a temporal weighting function for a collection according to its characteristics. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. The softmax distribution has several important properties. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. In a recent paper a virtual angle of rotation is suggested as an alternative output 6  and it is shown that the zerodynamics of the system arising from this output is stable. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " is non-proper. A permutation expression is such an example. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. It also and provides typical compression of the dataset of 10-100 times over memory-based methods. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. We assume a nicely damped transfer easily be estimated  , since the PID controller is tuned by using these two variables: Since the robot has voltage driven joint motors comparable to velocity steering  , the most important lower frequency range of transfer function of the joint can be approximated by a second-order system with a pure integrator 4. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. For example  , environmental changes might include: the variation in inclination of the axis with respect to gravity; varying reflected inertia as a result of payload changes; externally applied forces; etc. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. These properties are considered as random influence. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. As mentioned in Section 1  , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information  , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. Definition 5. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. The experimental results are in Table 1. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. In evoultionary strategy ES  , state vector 2 was composed of n-dimensional real-valued vector and mutation step size 0. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. Table 3shows these results. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. A new concept called " theme " is introduced in TSM for document modeling  , and a theme is modeled as a compound of these three components: neutral topic words  , positive words and negative words  , in each document. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. Tree-Pattern Matching. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. Using such data presentation i.e. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. Our code generation strategy limits the number of code changes required when the architecture description changes. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. Most proposed teleoperation modeling works adopt the term F * e to represent the environment internal force as shown in Fig. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. aspects. The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. For each window size seven  , 15  , 30  day  , we calculated the average role composition of each forum and measured the Pearson correlation between each pair of vectors and recorded the significance values. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. The information space is a standard representational tool for problems that have imperfect state information  , and has been useful in optimal control and dynamic game theory e.g. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. The results are available in tab. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. From the PI transfer function and the ARMAX model of the motor  , which had been previously determined  , the closed-loop transfer function Gz was calculated. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. All of these computations are subject t o error. While there is still a hope that an elegaut combined solution cau be found  , we have decided to follow the classical separate approach. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. For a robot a significant proportion of the environmental changes are known and can be predicted in advance from the task program which the user defines via the supervisory computer.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. We show that we can calculate the transfer function using the max-plus approach  , which seems to be more useful for large systems. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. It remains unchanged. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. A final orientation of a part is a stable orientation where at least one edge of the part is aligned with the gripper when fully grasped with a frictionless parallel jaw gripper. As described previously  , elementary changes may cause new changes to be introduced by the evolution strategy in order to keep the ontology consistent – such dependencies may be represented using the CAUSECHANGE property . The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. This section is divided into four subsections. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. Billerbeck and Zobel explored a range of query metrics to predict the QE success  , but  , as they report  , without clear success. To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. Entry level prediction evaluation is performed by calculating the Goodman and Kruskal's gamma GK-Gamma for short correlation. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. However  , we can derive the more interesting transfer function between actuator position/velocity and actuator force by viewing our system as shown in equivalence. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. The collection of queries is a random sample of fully-anonymized queries in English submitted by Web users in 2006. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. In addition to this hypothesis  , if we assume Proposition 2 the visits to a page are done by random users  , we can analyze the popularity evolution for the search-dominant model. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. syntactic and semantic information . Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. We apply the Lucene 3 search engine  , under its default settings  , for searching over this collection. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. The above question can be reformulated as follows. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Figure  1shows the results. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. 4 i.e. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. Definition 1. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. That is  , instead of using the appraisal words  , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set  , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. Probabilistic CLIR. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. Two types of transfer are possible:  from one traditional function to another  , for example  , the number of employees working in distribution will be potentially increased by incoming personnel from the sales department;  from traditional work functions to new ones  , for example to positions related to the management and operation of the electronic environment e.g. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. 2 Furthermore  , the first 7 cases of maintained constraints A underline the need to also propose the delete strategy #S2 whenever a constraint is impacted  , and not always try to maintain the constraint. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable.