We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. We show the feasibility of our proposed system with experimental results. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Section 2 provides an overview of BP-Mon  , and Section 3 briefly describes the underlying formal model. We have presented and evaluated PLASTIC  , a valueaddition tool for query optimizers that attempts to efficiently and accurately predict  , given previous training instances   , what plans would be chosen by the optimizer for new queries. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. The rope tensile force  , fR   , can he represented by: The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in If for every execution history h witnessed in the traces  , if h is included in the language of re 1   , then it is also included in the language of re 2 then re 2 is preferred. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? The sample-based representation directly facilitates the optimization of  I I  using gradient descent. A summary hierarchy  As shown in the procedure  , to achieve the space limitation in the streaming environment  , the number of fitting models maintained at each level is limited to be the maximum number of . In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: The parameters of the flexible-joint arm given in 1 have to be estimated as well. NetPLSA regularizes PLSA with a harmonic regularizer based on a graph structure in the data. There are two cases to consider  , corresponding to whether source or persistent variables are bound in a query to an ARC-program. Fig.7shows the transfer function Gdi ,t  , and fig.8shows the simulation result. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. Wires and other discrete components e.g. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. The nondimensional Laplace frequency variable is denoted by i. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. This optimization would unnest such a subquery. Also relevant are the XSD inference systems 12  , 20  , 34 that  , as already mentioned  , rely on the same methods for learning regular expressions as DTD inference. At the same time  , alerts are also sent to anyone following Shaelyn or the topic of game theory about Shaelyn's new reading list. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. Semantic relevance. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. Depth Firat Search DFS and Breadth First Scorch BFS are examples of this class. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. Some RDBMSs have means to associate optimization hints with a query without any modification of the query text. Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. , April 21–25  , 2008ACM 978-1-60558-085-2/08/04. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. For demonstration purposes here  , a method of smoothing only line segments within a laser scan  , while leaving alI other parts of the scan in tact can successfully meet our requirements to segment laser data and extract lines. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. Two gpg triples Gi  ,  ,Pj  ,  ,Gkl sumes less than 5.0 sec CPU time on a SPARC station 5. We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. by a logistic function. , several superimposed leaves may fall in the same region  , and regions including few points may lead to a relatively large fitting error. In survival models  , the response time ∆ i is modeled with a survival function If one key of t has a concrete value not a regular expression  , such as " path 2 " of node B in Figure 4b which has one unique value " display "   , one keep operation is created for this key. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. In the case of the tokens in columnˆficolumnˆ columnˆfi75  , notice that the tokens " 8 " and " D " match distinct leafs in the Regex tree and the deepest common ancestor corresponds to the node whose regular expression is " \w " . Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. When a temporal constraint is empty  , ordering will be implied by the actual position of the associated predicate in the query sequence. Q-valuê Qs  , a is said to be monotonic for the goal directed Q-learning with action-penalty representation if and only if ∀s  , a This function is accomplished by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol SMTP. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. For instance  , if ADRENAL were seeking documents in response to the example query on Quicksort see Section 2.1 a sentence containing the words "statistical" and "divide" would be an excellent choice for parsing  , to distinguish good matches like "..the statistical properties of techniques that divide a problem into smaller.." from bad matches  , such as "..we divide up AI learning methods into three classes: statistical ,..". The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. The working version belongs therefore to the programmer private  , who is capable of modifying it unprotected . With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. Semantic Sequencing. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. It simply says that an obstacle can always be avoided by folding the last link into the workspace W  1   , n -1 which is free of collision by assumption. A value of 1.65 R was found  , as compared to the datasheet value of 1.33 By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. The information space is a standard representational tool for problems that have imperfect state information  , and has been useful in optimal control and dynamic game theory e.g. At the same time  , changes performed using VE were of the same difficulty requiring a statistically insignificant 7% increase in effort as changes with no #version lines at all &E versus @NONE. Let A c be the set of installed apps on the device of composition To choose the optimal value of α we simply choose the value which maximizes an objective function  , in this case the log likelihood of the heldout data. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. We show that the new measure predicts human responses to a much greater accuracy. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. make the response of the motor position much faster than the response of the tip position control loop outer loop in Figure 1. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. 3 taking its Laplace Transform as follows: 4 we can express the angular position of the motor shaft related with the aneular disulacement of the rollers: that is  , afterwards  , the transfer function of the scrollic gripper relating the applied voltage to the angular displacement of the rollers. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. An example of work on shared space of humans and robots is given by Tipaldi and Arras 15. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. Another research work with different philosophy can be seen in Z where a curve road model was proposed. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. Consider the regular expression AxBx: the patterns ABBB and ACBC are valid with x = B and x = C respectively. In a study comparing reading digital documents on a tablet with reading a paper  , the authors point out " lightweight navigation " features present in paper that are missing in their tablet interface. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. If the target community exists for the seed set  , then according to 6  , this target community would serve as a bottleneck for the probability to be spread out. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. Note that the ffmith's principle can be applied independently of a particular form of manipulator controller and  , therefore  , other form of a manipulator controller can be chosen as well. Finally  , conclusions appear in Section 5. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. Given a nominal part shape  , radius values of the center of mass and vertex uncertainty circles  , and maximum sensor noise  , they return a plan when they can find one and indicate failure otherwise. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. Each event expression consists of two clauses. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. Cui et al. A lower perplexity score indicates better performance. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. , English or language LT e.g. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play  , with objects as actors. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. Two nodes va  , v b are connected from va to v b if the corresponding element e ab ∈ E is greater than α. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. We plan to study this possibility in future work. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from System passivity means that the work is always done by the external force  , without loss of the contact. These include: Reweighting query terms Query expansion based on term selection value Query optimization weights anddor selection of terms Threshold optimization. If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. The type system was designed for an applied lambda calculus with string concatenation   , and it was not discussed how to deal with string operations other than concatenation. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. , w |N d | }  , where |N d | denotes the length of the document d expressed by the number of word tokens. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Thus  , they can be immediately used for efficient ad selection from a very large corpus of ads. In our experiments  , we identify that on an average 50% of the protocols detected have size 3 or more precedence length 2 or more which cannot be detected by these approaches scalably. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. In this example  , the impedance up to the saturation frequency  , w , ,  , is significantly reduced. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. The description provides enough information to discriminate this starting propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. Because our strategy only relies on the outgoing call relationship  , it is sensitive to the stability of callers throughout the framework's evolution. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. Therefore we have to resort to optimization techniques that are better at dealing with local minima and handling an apparently non-deterministic envi- ronment. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. The best performing method according to the Fowlkes-Mallows index is folding  , followed by reciprocal election and maxmin. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function For example  , unit names as abbreviations are inflected in Finnish by appending a : and the inflection ending. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . and search the other subranges breadth-first. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. Equipped with the proposed models  , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. During training  , we are looking for a w that minimizes q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y usually added to some regularization penalty like w 2 2 on the model. As an output  , our model produces not only test.predictions  , but  , also  , train.predictions  , which maybe used for smoothing similar to 4. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. , a stack. The former hierarchy is used to inherit cases  , the latter to compose synonym sets. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. swim is a code generator whose input is a natural language query in English  , such as " match regular expression " or " read text file "   , i.e. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. In the task decomposition approach  5    , the Q-learning is closed inside each subtask. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. Initialization. This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. However  , individual phrases and words might have multiple meanings and/or be unrelated to the overall topic of the page leading to miss-matched ads. Such a technique can be extended to more complex situations with larger number of unknown parameters and system states. , 19 decrement rule: This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. is implemented as a rule-based system. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Then  , it holds from the well known ztransform of a continuous system with a zero order hold that: Let H  z  be the discrete transfer function of the VCMD. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. Prior to distribution  , component source code is compiled into binary code formats  , such as .lib  , .dll  , or .class files. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. Our model construction approach was similar to the so-called growth modelling 6  , in which first null models without predictors are fitted and then both random and fixed factors are progressively introduced to the model. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Since the subjects were instructed to favor accuracy over task time  , each trial was completed when the subject deemed that the closest fit hacl been attained. The second component  , central server identification  , aggregates individual drive-by download samples which form MDNs and then identifies the central servers. We now define its semantics. In particular   , the experiments concerned the induction and performance evaluation of rules for the identification of the class of a document  , according to its logical components organized in a logical structure. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. Knowing the long-standing and firm relationship between vector space models  , semantics modeling and IR 37  , 16  , one goal of this paper is to establish a new link between the recent text representation learning methodology based on word embeddings and modeling in information retrieval  , with the focus on the fundamental ad-hoc retrieval task. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing Moldovan  , D. et al. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. It fits naturally the IR framework based on vector space model VSM. Hydraulic position control loop design shown in Figure 4. fitted two human gait motion law   , according to structural dimensions of the knee joint bones to calculate the hydraulic cylinder piston rod desired position Yexp. In the frequency range where 1 -QZP1  , = 0  , the influence of F ,/A vanishes and the transfer function between P , ,f and s X is described as The searcher is able to study  , in a convenient and effortless way  , the effects of query changes. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". The TOMS can map between the two branches  , however  , and find which lines a sentence spansboth  , and gives the administrator an ID that must be used as a unique key to identify the document in all future interactions. WE metrics using GloV e 4. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. However  , there have only been a small number of learning experiments with multiple robots to date. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. Lately  , a more abstract approach   , working with dioids a p p r e d . Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. Viterbi recognizer search. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. We wanted to determine whether it was possible to automatically induce a hierarchical tag structure that corresponded to the way in which a human would perform this task. The modeler wants " all the data  , " but only for purposes of fitting and comparing models that help to explain the data. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. More precisely  , the first part of the scope i.e. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. The web page  , noticing that it does not have a session secret  , opens up an invisible IFRAME with the SSL URL https://example.com/login/ recover. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. BNIRL limits the size of the candidate reward space to a finite set  , allowing for parallelized pre­ computation of approximate action value functions. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. The effects described above  , and many more  , can be modeled by a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF 15. The muscles or tendons  , which help moving the human hand  , are roughly classified flexor muscles and extensor musclesl. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. This work is structured as follows. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. Any attempts to successfully characterize the intermediate structures or analyze common folding pathways  , either between multiple runs of a single protein or among the results of several proteins  , would hinge on an effective structural representation. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. In terms of implementation   , the only difference with respect to non-semantic retrieval is that one probability distribution is estimated per concept using all the images that contain the concept rather than per image. In practice  , we can estimate {a  , b  , c  , d  , f  , PIQ} by fitting the data collected in a short initial monitoring period into Equation 1-3 the time window for data collection in all of our experiments is 20 weeks  , and input the fitted parameters into our model to forecast the number of active users in the future. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. K non-overlapped nodes with the largest relevance score are selected as subtopic candidates. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. The question of how the relationship between the symbol and the referent is to be established has been identified in Artificial Intelligence Research as the " Symbol Grounding Problem " . In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. Here the upper indices index the node layer  , and the lower indices index the nodes within each corresponding layer. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. This continues until there are no more transitions to be fired. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. wire as long as the runs generated with Quicksort. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. This can be done by computing B i X −1 p i where p i are the segmented model points in the first case  , and the segmented bead in the second case. Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. Section 3 presents our RAM lower bound query execution model. For example  , using Logistic functions can naturally avoid the range constrains over query weights in optimization. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. As will be discussed in III. D  , this allows us to limit the bandwidth of our controller to be below the natural frequencies of the catheter itself. Only the start-up overhead of about 100 TLB misses is not covered  , but this is negligible. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. The density function h for the ratings can be written as: Overall  , the control flow results of Pin-based profiling are very similar to those from the simulator. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. 1 and Eq. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Figure 4depicts an example of the former. 2  , the x-axis highlights documents relevant to " Semantic Desktop " while the y-axis highlights documents relevant to " pimo:Person " . Hence  , it is not surprising that for certain queries no optimization is achieved at all. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. indicating an expression of strong feelings. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . Section 3 describes ways to obtain data on software changes and describes a method to estimate effort for a software change. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. As shown in Figure 5  , deletion of the SPORTS UTILITY concept in SO is propagated to BO resulting in new changes: the removal of the BICYCLE concept as the subconcept of the SPORTS UTILITY concept and the removal of the BICYCLE concept itself if the evolution strategy 19 requires the removal of the orphaned concepts. In 13 the different behaviors shown by static and dynamic friction models Dahl model in the rendering of the friction phenomena acting on the tendon-based driving system have been evaluated  , and the better physical resemblance of the Dahl friction model has been reported. This design allowed us to block on experienced/novice users in our assessment of the systems. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. Thus  , t o compute a stick model of an object  , we first thin the range image of the object  , and then compute a stick description in a manner analogous t o that for fitting superquadrics. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. In fact  , this hybrid index optimization problem motivated the optimization problem underlying the size/speed tradeoff for OptPFD in Figure 2per query in milliseconds  , for a hybrid index involving OptPFD and IPC. All runs are compared to pLSA. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. First  , we have implemented generic non-ontological extraction components such as person name identifier and regular expression extractor. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. This work differs from much of current human-robot interaction research in that our work investigates theoretical aspects of humanrobot interaction. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Therefore  , in order to address the problem  , we replaced the undefined values with zeros and calculated the coefficients from this modified data set. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. Query execution times are  , in theory  , unbounded. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. We consider the finger as a programmable part feeder. To illustrate this  , the data of Sec­ tion 4.2 Fi gure 3a» was Fourier t ransformed to give the data YjOl and UjOl shown i n Figure 4 a. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset. Gold 9  showed that the problem of inferring a DFA of minimum size from positive examples is NP-complete. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . , specular reflectors. This is in contrast to the very large body of work in experimental game theory; see  , e.g. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. , a vector space of keywords in the vocabulary into a low-dimensional binary vector space  , which at the same time preserves the semantic relationship of the data examples as much as possible. This suggests that ad groups are very homogeneous   , and we would expect clicks from different terms in an ad group to have similar values to the advertiser. The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. The average mutual information Shannon entropy decrease measures the average information shared by the antecedent and the consequent. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. Abstraction selections conflict when two abstract values appear as operands in an expression and there is no meaningful way to transfer information between those values. A vision servo control for a robotic sewing system has been described. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. The role of the current work is to lay the groundwork for the development of an efficient  , controllable swimming robot. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. We begin by restricting our consideration of possible renderers to documents. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. In addition to the early work on Web queries  , query execution over Linked Data on the WWW has attracted much attention recently 9 ,10 ,12 ,13 ,14. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This relevance score is used to rank the documents in the retrieval corpus. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Furthermore  , a comparison with the heuristic solutions adopted by SaaS and IaaS providers for the run time cloud management will be also performed. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. Stack inspection is intended to prevent confused-deputy attacks 9  , which arise when a component C 1 that was not granted access to a resource r obtains access to r indirectly  , by calling into a component C 2 that was granted access to r. Figure 1. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. 14 generate signatures to detect HTTP-based malware e.g. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. 7 dshows the block diagram in case of applying the inverse transfer function compensation to the charge amplifier. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. First  , the extraction rules themselves are expressed in terms of some underlying language that needs to be powerful enough to capture the scenario. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. Normalization of certain AE sensor features such as amplitude and ASL was found to improve classification accuracy over non-normalized features  , primarily due to numerical precision when calculating feature weights β j . , towards the roots. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. 7. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. We only require that a special markup syntax  , a marker  , is available for denoting where holes occur in the source text of a template page. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. For these tests  , the ceiling was left off to aid in viewing  , but would in practice provide information for the fitting routine. after query expansion. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. Therefore we propose to optimize the calculation based on the structural relevance of the axioms and properties of the defined inconsistency measure. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . There is the possibility that many enterprises will require existing personnel to transfer to different work functions in order to capitalize on their enterprise-specific experience. Affiliation of a person to a team is represented with the inteam edge  , and social connection is represented with the knows edge in the semantic graph. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Groups of changes of one request are maintained in a linked list using the HAS PREVIOUSCHANGE property. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data  , such as audio  , video and text  , from multiple information sources  , such as the Internet and TV. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. However  , space precludes an explanation here. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. In this paper  , we introduce the novel problem of question recommendation in Question Answering communities. Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. The query optimization operation in the proposed form is restricted to the Boolean IR model since it presumes that the query results are distinct sets. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . The remaining documents have voting patterns different from any of the selected cluster signatures. For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. Experimental results on two real datasets with semantic labels show that LFH can achieve much higher accuracy than other state-of-the-art methods with efficiency in training time. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. Given a tweet t from user u and her followers F ollowersu  , our goal is to learn a function F that estimates the likelihood of follower fi fi ∈ F olloweru retweeting t in future. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. The difference between orderings is much smaller for GMG/AKM than for Scalable EM. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. Indeed  , there is no paper or manual available describing the machinery underlying Trang. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. Notice that LSA representations for diierent K form a nested sequence   , which is not true for the statistical models which are expected to capture a larger variety of reasonable de- compositions. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. By fitting data to parameterized models  , surface or boundary-based representations impose strong geometric assumptions on the sensor data. An electrically driven axis is essentially a fixed device i.e. In our case , Although there are many formats  , which describe surface models  , in this paper Object file of Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer is adopted. Others question the propriety of removing DBMS services such as query optimization and views and suggest utilizing only high level interfaces. Conversely  , knowing the parameters of the model  , a search for compatible image points can be accomplished by pattern classification methods. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. There are something good and something bad. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. Our proposed approach uses a low latency multi-scale voxelization strategy that is capable of accurately estimating the shape and pose parameters of relevant objects in a scene. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. states from which no final states can be reached. When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. , 7 and 11. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . Computationally  , the E-step boils down to computing the conditional distribution of the hidden variables given the data and Ψn. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1  , 0  , 1}. , 18  , 21. However parts with circular edges can produce ramps in the transfer function such that there is no upper bound on plan length as a function of n. In A parts feeding plan is a sequence of open loop squeezing actions specified by the orientation of the gripper. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. The evaluation is given every 1 second. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. To further demonstrate this  , we experiment with the following autoregressive model that utilizes the volume of blogs mentions. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. 9 noted above is an exception. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. The paper is organized as follows. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. As we have argued this can address some of the shortcomings of pure term-based representations. In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. Now we have beginning to work on the identification of the servo-valve block-diagram like a fust or a second order transfer function  A V to AP   , and on the identification of the servo-valve and mechanic-system block-diagram like a third order transfer function  A V t o A d  . State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. counting support for possible valid patterns. We looked at how the elapsed time between equal-query queries affected the likelihood of observing a repeat click. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. An XQuery type e.g. Our accuracy requirements are much less because the mari0nette.k gesturing in free space rather than precisely positioning an object. Integrating Queries and Browsing. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. τ1  , the number of best renderers retrieved at the first iteration: {5} ∪ {10  , 20  , ..  , 100} ∪ {200  , 300  , 400  , 500}. 8 and Xr=Tr/K  , the transfer function from Tr to Qa is given by Qs/Qi Wn2/S2+2rWnStWn2  Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. The mechanical svstem consists of a D. C. motor attached to is very sinall and is assumed to be zero in obtaining the transfer funct ,ion of the controller. As every node carries a unique regular expression  , we can identify a vertex v by its label r = λv. In order to figure out how many steps are needed to converge the Q-learning  , we use O  k  state space and simplify the convergence such that the value of the action value function in each state converges if it is updated from the initial value 0. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. In the context of the TREC Interactive Task  , discussions of nuance and specificity centered on the semantic relations hyponymy and hypernymy 5 . The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. convert operator trees to a bag of 'words' representing individual arguments and operator-argument triples 15. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. , overfitting and can hardly generalize to unseen documents. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. All " real " plan operators within a block access their relevant information via the opennext-close interface of the LAS cf. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. 5.2. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that  , when he I used it  , it worked. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. Then  , the method above is applied for each pattern string. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . The hyper-plane is in a higher dimensional space called kernel space and is mapped from the feature space. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. The final model is believed to be a plausible representation that will aid in further experimental studies  , physical modeling  , and numerical simulation to ultimately result in an improved model with a high degree of confidence for magnetic-screw path planning in soft tissue. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. nI be the sizes of samples drawn  , marked and returned to the population and the total number of distinct captured individuals be r. The likelihood function of N and p = p1  , ..pI  from data D is given by As was discussed earlier  , in order use the model to generalize from labeled to unlabeled date e.g. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. Genetic control parameters may also be merged into the representation of individual to control the evolution parameters. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . Finally  , consider the two major approaches to qitcry optimization for regular databases. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. E.g. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. Regular expressions would not be able to eliminate the clutter since they are unable to " look-ahead " to provide contextual information. and 8  , reasonable tracking estimates can be generated from as few as six particles. For example  , searching utilities frequently are character-set neutral we use the MG system 8  , 11  , but expect that these observations apply more generally. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The addition of a feedforward path would not affect stabilitylO. Our solution was to extend PAISLey informally. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. This suggests that it is possible to derive transfer functions in the frequency domain describing the dynamics of the system . On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function 2 Furthermore  , the first 7 cases of maintained constraints A underline the need to also propose the delete strategy #S2 whenever a constraint is impacted  , and not always try to maintain the constraint. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. The differences between these techniques  , their capabilities  , and their shortcomings illustrate the problems inherent in lumping them together in a taxonomy of fault detection techniques. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. , l  , and in motion planning 2  , 4  , 111. and S C_ F represent an znformatzon state. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. a ,e Without learning: robot expects object to move straight forward. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. That is  , special learning provisions must be madle for the movable feature patch. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. , an implicit topic representation. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. , waiting for the use of a definition that is already been killed and trigger backtracking. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. Fitting the Rated Clicks Model to predict click probabilities on the original lower results yields similar results. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. The first summand is the fitting constraint  , while the rest constitutes the regularization. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. The mixed-effects model in Eq. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Otherwise  , all possible one-word expansions of it are computed. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. for some nonnegative function T . This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Second  , a declarative query language such as SQL can insulate the users from the details of data representation and manipulation   , while offering much opportunity in query optimization. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. For each target graph  , we apply the fitting mechanism described in Section 4 to compute the best parameters for each model. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. , the system has to maintain multiple versions of the potentially large dataset. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. The evolution strategy is widely studied today in robotics current situation  , and is not based on expected sib w&nxs. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. Results. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. In many cases this range is sufficient. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. It is evident that the result of a general OPAC query involves the solution of an optimization problem involving a potentially complex aggregation constraint on relation   , the nature of the aggregation constraint  , and the optimization objective  , different instances of the OPAC query problem arise. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. In his method  , stability ana lysis about the whole system is established on the basis of Popov's stability theory. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. For instance: with 4 levels  , the corresponding SEQUIN query is PROJECT count* FROM PROJECT * FROM PROJECT * FROM 100K~10flds~100dens , S; ZOOM ALL; We disabled the SEQ optimization that merges consecutive scans which would otherwise reduce all these queries to a common form. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. In this paper  , we propose a site-level mirror maintenance strategy based on the historical evolution of the original Web site. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. The interaural transfer function ITF ˆ I is defined by the ratio between the left-and right-HRTF: The HRTFs are mainly determined by the shape of the head  , pinna and torso of the listener  , e.g  , the robot-mounted dummy-head in our case. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. In 4  , transfer functions for a single-link flexible robot have been presented. , the implicit semantic relatedness between sentences is modeled through semi-supervised PLSA1. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function GI is unity and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. We will now incorporate the mechanical dynamics into the model to determine their effect on closed-loop performance. which can be modified to account for major temperature variations by changing the numerator by plus and minus 20%. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. This conclusion is consistent with the phase-plane charts  , that revealed low frequency drifts  , while Finally  , we analise the influence of the excitation upon the fractional order transfer function. This equation shows that the contact torque is affected not only by the reference torque but also by the motion of the environment. The objective of feature fusion is to combine multiple features at an early stage to construct a single model. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. Grounded theory 27 is a method often used in Social Science to extract relevant concepts from unstructured corpora of natural language resources e.g. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. We have described a method to select the sensing location for performing mobile robot localization through matching terrain maps. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr It was important to make the best use of the previously tagged documents  , and to ensure that regular expressions used by the system were not too specic as to require multiple expressions for a single question construct. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. This behavior can be formulated a s feh= D  s l y e where D-'sl is a diagonal transfer function matrix with all members a s second order transfer functions. The designator identifier in the module identifies the type of designators such as execution and call for the join points. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. A server name directive that may contain one or more fully qualified domain names or regular expressions defining a class of domain names. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"  , food"  , medical"  , people"  , UN"  , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in Table 2Table 1shows a reduced representation of 4 factors from a 128 factor solu- tion. However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. Gp stands for the closed loop transfer function of the position controlled system in free motion  , from motor setpoint to link position. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. The full collection consists of over a billion web pages  , while the English-language subset is comprised of 503 ,898 ,901 pages. The methods used to represent these games are well known. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. Note that our framework outputs regularized topic models of a query  , i.e. The objective of passive control is to design controllers such that the closed-loop system is stable and passive. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. BMEcat. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. As in our work  , they also had problems trying to extract information from documents and to identify documents that contain publications. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. Statistics describing the " shape " of a data graph are crucial for determining which methods of graph traversal are optimal for a given query and database. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset. Finally  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained with this motion planning method. In both cases  , the hinge is perforated to make bending easier and to enable precise folds. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. In this paper  , we rely on the query likelihood model. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. However  , systems such as these still require a meaningful entry point to the set  , which might be through a query tool  , or a structured browsing tool which provides some level of organization. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. , the expected value of the information in a message. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. When viewed as a specification pattern  , these rules take the form of the regular expression a + b. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. Thus  , when we come to mapping the root location  , we only consider configurations meeting the constraint. We used the robotic system to measure gap junction function. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. It is instructive to formulate an expression for the upper bound on search repository quality. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. The developer now has a concrete location in the code from which to consider the change task. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. 21  which performs joint topic and sentiment modeling of collections . Due to the characteristics of the organization  , in the case of NP  , the application of the humanistic change strategy seemed most adequate. This tree is then passed to the second phase which performs dead code removal of statements that can be proven unreachable or are never used in a computation affecting the output of the source program being optimized. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . This has been observed in some early studies 8. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. Game theory also explores interaction. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. We strip away all remaining SGML tags and replace Unicode entities by ASCII equivalents or representative strings. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. 243–318 for an introduction. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . This yields a coefficient vector with as many coordinates as there are dictionary elements. During the final phase of resolution i.e. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. But MaxMiner uses a breadth-first approach to limit the number of passes over the database. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. Under the time delay of T   , moreover  , this system promises to produce the goal response of the system z ,t -T without affecting system stability in a delay-free environment. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. One thus needs to consider all query types together. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Because the learning rate is smaller than unity  , without reward  , the value of a given stateaction pair decreases  , effectively causing the system to treat absence of reward as punishment. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. In particular  , this loop can dramatically reduce the friction felt by the operator and dramatically improve the " transparency " of a teleoperation system. , 44  , 45  , 12; 2 We rely on the intuitions behind semantic composition models from the literature on distributional compositional semantics e.g. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. A set regular path query Q ‚Ξ Ð R describes a relation between a single node and a set  , based on a regular expression R together with a quantifier Ξ. SQL-based query engines rely on relational database systems storage and query optimization techniques to efficiently evaluate SPARQL queries. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. Fig.13shows the bode plot of the transfer function. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. Running experiments on a Dell 2900 server w/ 32GB of RAM  , most models can be fit to the largest of our graphs New York  , 3.6M edges within 48 hours. When the maxlength is three  , AUPlan has about 85% of the optimal solution. This indicates that the ratings predicted by Global Prediction are more discriminative and accurate in ranking the four DSRs. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. In our policies so far we have used a ranking function based on join size for determining the order in which fragments are fetched from a loaded platter. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: Transfer functions for this type of system were then studied and other improvements introduced. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. In practice  , it is very hard to come up with a function T with the previous property. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. This gives the system the ability to handle failures or unexpected events that occur during the execution proces. Even though these techniques are formally motivated  , they often do not maximize the correct objective function. This characteristic also allows for evolution in the SPL scope without loosing the design effort already invested: as new features are added or modified  , only their rules need to be added or updated  , respectively. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Tweet Timeline Generation TTG is a new task for this year's Microblog track with a putative user model as follows: " I have an information need expressed by a query Q at time t and I would like a summary that captures relevant information. " In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. Christensen et al. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. For current control  , the servo transfer function of output angle as a function of input current is taken from eq 1 as In particular  , each operand in a Figure 4 : From a regular expression to a probabilistic automaton. This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . The other enabling and firing rules of the mapping transitions are the same as the ordinary transitions. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. Lib instances. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. In their relational test implementation they also consider only selection and join. Some questions contains more than one noun phrase  , we number these noun phrases according to their orders in the questions. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. We describe it in more details next. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. Then we can modify the controller input For a repetitive task  , the transfer function of the system will be the same. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. Although all these phrases are important to diagnosing the patient described in the topic  , a significant amount of semantic meaning is lost when the key-phrases are removed from their contexts . Clearly these computations can be done in time 0  m  once the minimum free radii have been calculated. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path. , in terms of purity and precision. The example shows that different values of n often result in the same value of the likelihood function. Each state has the following exponential family emission distributions: 1 A multinomial distribution emitting the relevance of the line  , r. This distribution is fixed; for each state one of the probabilities is one and the other is zero. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. , classes  , subclasses  , to the best of our knowledge our work is the first in exploiting such a variety of automatically extracted semantic content i.e. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. However  , these systems are not typical recommender systems in essence in that they have not taken users' interest into account. For these two reasons  , it was decided to explore the concept of robust control using an 'fico controller. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. However  , agile modeling does not provide a cookbook type of approach for authoring documents  , as RaPiD7 does. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. Different solutions can be implemented: from regular expression matching to search over predefined areas  , up to advanced templating on the informative content of a page. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. 14 The technique is also known as φ-folding 36   , a compiler optimization technique that collapses simple diamond-shaped structures in the CFG. Since this is a zero-sum game  , the Minimax value is also used to determine the appraisal variable DesirabilityForOther with other being the user by applying a negative sign to the desirability value. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. Here 2 × cs denotes the length of the context for the sentence sequence. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. In Section 2  , we introduced map scaling as seamless transfer of information in maps from one level of detail to another. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. Using Density Function Theory DFT we calculated the charge redistribution along double walled nanotube 22 23. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. For example  , if a fingertip encounters a ridge  , some specific strategies may be used to determine the size and extent length of the feature . In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. we perform a breadth first search. Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. As these factors are optimized jointly  , one may view the time factor as being the change in likelihood of copying a particular item from i steps back  , depending on how long ago in absolute time that past consumption occurred. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . Summing up  , the innovation of our work can be presented in two aspect. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. 3d. Quicksort produces runs that ;Irc as large as the memory that is allocated for the split phase. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. The model image shows the results of surfacing from range data. The first is through the G-Portal Viewer in which a user can select from a list of previously registered contexts to visit. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. Next  , we consider a quality-based model  , where the likelihood of consuming item e is proportional to a per-item quality score se. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The output of each model the top ten most similar results for each test question were manually labelled as relevant or not and this was used to calculate the evaluation statistics. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. 15 proposed a generative model called Bilingual Topic Model BLTM for Web wearch. The diameter function of a part is a mapping between the part's orientation with respect to the gripper and the distance between parallel jaws of the gripper. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed image search system  , including the new query formulation interface and the relevance evaluation scheme. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. Next  , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. We propose a novel approach called Topic-bridged PLSA or TPLSA for short for the cross-domain text classification problem. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. We first present the basic PLSA model as described in 21. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. If it has a function then it should fulfill it the best way possible and I do not think that humanlike appearance is feasible for all aims. " Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. 12bottom. Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. In 5  , as an alternative to ARMA models  , a frequency domain technique has been used to parameterize the transfer function of flexible link manipulators . This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . The amplitude plot contains the amplitude of the data points and transfer functions. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . As such  , it can be implemented in a statistical programming language such as R in a few lines of code. Please note that the willingness  , capability  , and constraint functions are all parametric. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. For example   , " Sequence<item+> " would refer to a list of one-or-more items. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. Queries are passed through cleansing steps  , such as case-folding  , stop-word elimination  , term uniquing  , and reordering of query terms in alphabetical order . Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. Then  , when a user enters a text-based query  , we can extract tags from the query  , rank-order the songs using the relevance scores for those tags  , and return a list of the top scoring i.e. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. The above described methodology relies critically on our ability to generate a population of agents that share a SKS. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. 5 21. The part µ/e has to be higher than 0 to avoid ∆ k to converge to 0 and has to be divided by the Euler's number e to make the median of the generated IED around the target median µ more details in the Appendix A. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. The prestige of the journal article was used to increase relevance because they believed that a journal that was highly recognized for accurate information would be more likely to contain a document relevant to the query. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. Similarly to 23 they adopted taxonomy of three examination strategies: Depth-First  , Mixed  , Breadth-First. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. Solving this exactly is only possible for very small test collections. Our experiments show that the LSH-based method is effective and efficient for recognizing Chinese calligraphic character and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. 10 is just same as that in the case with the individual increments in isolation. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. Similarly  , there may not be one pattern with the highest nested-level in the pattern tree. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. However  , this kind of division cannot capture the interrelation between topic and sentiment  , given a document is still modeled as an unordered bag of words; and TSM also suffers from the same problems as in pLSA  , e.g. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: In the paper of Wang and Vidyasagar 5  , it is shown that an alternate transfer function can be chosen which has the property that  , if a given beam is sufficiently rigid or if the hub inertia is sufficiently small  , the transfer function is passive. We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. With a few exceptions  , each API function has a one-to-one correspondence to an Orbix interface function. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. Several well studied codes like the Huffman and Shannon- Fano codes achieve 1 + HD bits/tuple asymptotically  , using a dictionary that maps values in D to codewords. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. A candidate item is downloaded means web pages related to the suggestion are downloaded. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. a and y of Equation 1 are assigned 0.1 and 0.9 respectively. We are the first to model sentiments in blogs as the joint outcome of some hidden factors  , answering the call for a model that can handle the complex nature of sentiments. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . in these strings. On the other hand this double integrator is necessary for ramp following behavior with a steady state error to become zero. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. Fig.4shows the impedance control scheme. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. Using this approach all variable matches we need to perform can be expressed as a regular expression match over TCP payloads. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. We will call this type of reward function sparse. In fact  , in view of Property 4  , we caii always desigii an output function y such that tlie associated transfer function lias no zeros i.e. While the former is easier to derive and implement  , the Newton method yields very fast convergence near the minimum. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. It should be pointed out that some operations sequences are non-regular in the sense that they cannot be specified by regular expres- sions. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. The results fall within our expectations since this is our first TREC participation and we could devote only a minimal number of person-hours to the project. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. While most of the previously proposed control strategies for the single flexible link required only a state space model 1 ,2 ,3  , other control strategies require a transfer function for the system. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. We iterate through every possible insertion point for the new pickup or delivery point in s plan   , and choose the plan of lowest cost. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. The evolution of relational databases into Object-Relational databases has created the need for relationally complete and declarative Object-Oriented 00 query languages. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. In particular  , many researchers have focused on isolating synchronization behaviors in response to timing changes. This implies that  , if the transfer function from the input torque to some carefully chosen output can be shown to be passive  , a PD controller can be used to efficiently eliminate flexible link oscillations27. Currently  , we support two join implementations: , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Figure 3presents the architecture of the ARROW system. 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. The identified dynamics of the valve  , the Auid  , and the force sensor are given by a 10th order transfer function with two delays. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. In the 3D graphics system  , a layered oriented tight-fitting bounding box tree has been established to approximate to each geometrical model of fingers and objects for grasping. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. This allows us to write the local error for segment k as: The pulse transfer function under the zero order hold for a double integrator possesses a zero at -1 and is of nonminimum phase. While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Similarly as in the implicit force control  , the transfer function GF2 should be strictly proper to ensure zero steady state force error and t o compensate for stationary impedance i.e. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Not all ICFG paths represent possible executions. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. The simulator implements a comprehensive dragline dynamic model. This paper proposes a strategy to incorporate temporal models to document classifiers  , aiming to address the two main drawbacks of instance selection and instance weighting approaches. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. POP detects this during runtime  , as the validity range for a specific part of a query plan is violated  , and triggers re-optimization. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. , by interacting with the environment. These are topics of future research. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. In this case  , the score of document D would be a weighted average of scores with respect to each candidate translation: Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. It might be because of the sparsity of data  , no obvious dimensions are much more important than others  , and every word has some contribution in representing passages nominated for a topic. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. , name is the name of a user class as specified with the classifiers  , for instance  , a userAgent  , while the second part i.e. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. Safety values enable 11s to compare the effect of each safety strategy on the same scale and to optimize the design and control of hmnancare robots. To capture the relevance of item t to the query  , we use some TF/IDF-based features extracted from the top k search results  , D. For example  , snippetDF is the number of snippets in top k search results that contain item t. snippetDF and other frequency-based features are normalized using logf requency + 1. 1 is to maximize the log-likelihood of the training data. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. We selected a 3rd- order Go so that the output of the controller is continuous. Since our task is classification  , we optimize for the deviance loss function 9. This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. We start by determining a temporal weighting function for a collection according to its characteristics. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. Using the submodular function to re-rank the questions retrieved by simple and combined query likelihood language model denoted as QLQ +sub and QLQ  , A + sub  , respectively show better results over corresponding retrieval models for all evaluation metrics. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. XML Schema supports a richer notion of types than Java  , based primarily on regular expressions. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. At this point  , the chain is also moved to the tail  , starting at the extreme module e S of the slice and ending at the root lines 10–12. Considering Fig. where x m t  , a m t  , n m t are the input signal  , acoustic transfer function of the desired source  , and noise signal with respect to m-th microphone  , respectively. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. Please note that the execution cost could include the cost of transfering parameter data between an execution site and a " local " service. As long as cm preserves a representation of a in its output  , then from any single design space model  , m  , we can synthesize a concrete design space  , and both abstract and concretized loads. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. However  , it takes long time to recognize landmark. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. This property is called interlacing. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. Given an unlabeled image  , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. While there is still a hope that an elegaut combined solution cau be found  , we have decided to follow the classical separate approach. The user can specm  , for example  , that WEIGHT =< WEIGHTtPREV. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. Since all the parameters in Fig. These video features include motion features e.g. If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. , alignments between clinical concepts which determines to which extent the search functionality can be improved. The approach of simultaneous query optimization will lead to each such plan being generated exactly once for all the queries optimized together. Distribution and query optimization are the typical database means to achieve this. The very small p-value of the likelihood ratio statistic confirms that the heteroscedastic model explains the data significantly better than the homoscedastic model. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. The above question can be reformulated as follows. Instead  , for technical reasons  , we define the semantics of an ODX ECU-VARIANT directly as a pair of regular grammars G A  ,G C  generating sets A and C. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger  , noisier collections than smaller  , well-behaved ones. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. Fuzzy object representations  , also denoted simply as fuzzy objects   , occur in many different application ranges. The electrothermal actuators used in the AFAM can be represented by a first order transfer function 13 with a typical thermal bandwidth of 50Hz. If the function is MIN  , for example  , the first overlay set found would be selected. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. 4 Yahoo! Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. 2 Then we split the text into sentences and interpret as an instance every string which matches the following pattern:  These expressions are intended to be interpreted as standard regular expressions over words and their corresponding part-of-speech tags  , which are indicated in curly brackets. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. Our system is an aggregation system intended to allow smoother communication by transmission of user information from acquaintances that provides an outline of their routine. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. After performing topic-bridged PLSA  , we can exploit training data and test data simultaneously. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. For this rca­ son  , we believe motion planning has great potential to help us understand folding. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. The same can be said about RPC-based services  , which can either publish many fine-grained operations   , or a few coarse-grained ones  , depending on the chosen design strategy. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. We also calculated the semantic similarity of a new tweet with the tweets that were already sent to the users to minimize redundancy. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . It is easy to see that NetPLSA shares the same hidden variables with PLSA  , and the conditional distribution of the hidden variables can still be computed using Equation 8. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. an MS-Word document. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. We initially clone the live object set to know what it was set to before we begin walking the object graph. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. An outcome matrix represents an interaction by expressing the outcomes afforded to each interacting individual with respect each pair of potential behaviors chosen by the individuals. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. Grossman et al. Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. Similarly  , we weight the query terms according to whether they are sub-concepts or not. De Raedt et al. In 16 Hahn et al. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. We also show this in the demo. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. When these conditions do not hold  , this strategy may lead to a drop in programmer perfor- mance. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. If Go is a transfer function mapping the open-loop robotic arm endpoint velocity v to an input  , K  , is the velocity compensator around each joint  , and so is a transfer function mapping the robotic arm endpoint velocity v to the forces f when the velocity loop is not closed  , then the closed-loop velocity control system is as shown in Figure 5. operator fh   , and the forces applied to the machine by the environment  , f  , . In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. the steps in the explore phase and the randomly chosen agents  , let DT be the times that i receives the item under strategy S during the exploit phase before time liT   , i.e. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. For example  , many of the activities that the Reference Model for an Open Archival Information System OAIS 1 places within the Ingest function can be important and valuable to carry out  , not only during transfer to an archives  , but also during system design  , creation  , active use  , within the preservation environment  , during transfer to a secondary use environment and within the secondary use environment. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. Generally speaking  , vertical gap in between two vertically consecutive TLBIOs inside a news area is smaller than that in between a news area and its vertically adjacent non-news area. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . At this point it is only a hope rather than a guarantee that a policy based on the imperfect model Q function will lead to experiences that correct the model's Q function's flaws. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. The steps include: For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. Searching for a similar title and/or similar subtitles in the compared Web site. It should be noted that a steady-state friction model can also be obtained using any other curve fitting technique such as those using polynomial models. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. The transfer function for the Fy model is: The transfer function for the Fx model is: If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. The two curves on the right show two stock market charts and their corresponding time wrapping function 21. JPF is an explicit-state model checker that analyzes Java bytecode classes directly for deadlocks and assertion violations. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. A sample rated aspect summarization of one of the sellers is shown in Table 2 . Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. Given a transition from query qs to query q d   , predict whether it is a specialization or generalization. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. The specification consists of two parts: specification of variables and functions. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. On the other hand  , the green curve quasi-steady model is symmetric with respect to its local maxima so the quasi-steady model does not distinguish between the stroke acceleration phase and the stroke deceleration phase. Next  , for each theme location l  , we determine the semantic relevance SemRel between l and a candidate snippet s by comparing the " word similarity " between W l and the set of words in s  , denoted as Ws. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. Index structures in this context hardly use a full literal as key elements for indexing  , but rather apply term based relevance scores and retrieval methods. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. Yet another approach to deriving document representations that takes semantic similarities of terms into account has been proposed in 15. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. Based on the information collected for each of the possible location IDs  , the task requires us to construct a ranked list of attractions. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. As shown in Fig.3  , the inputs to the neuron pass through weight connections representing the synaptic strengths of the interconnections. , are provided by the Access Service itself. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. Therefore if any sort order needs to be guaranteed on the output of the Apply operator an enforcer plan is generated. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. The complete closed-loop response of the system is governed by both the zeros and the poles of the system. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. We also Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist  , too. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. are quasi-static and the object is supposed to be planar or at least convex. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Furthermore  , at the end of the indexing the individual fingerprint trees can be collected with sorting and merging operations  , as the longest possible path in each fingerprint tree is due to Lemma 2 the labels are strictly increasing but cannot grow over . We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. An aspect in AB is defined as a pair consisting of a pattern a grep-like regular expression and a color. Summary. This section demonstrates self-folding of a variable resistor as an example to show the capability of our system. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. In Section 2.2  , we will define a basic pull action and the corresponding transfer function. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. The technique provides optimization of arbitrary convex functions  , and does not incur a significant penalty in order to provide this generality. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. The resulting operation  , called SIKC val*v ,R.k  , delivers and marks all non marked tuple ve&es connected to the value v by one edge valued by R.k. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. We do not generate target motions for the double support phase  , since it is relatively short and there is not much freedom in the motion since both feet remains at their positions. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. The robotic gripper's primary function is to transfer pipes and move them into or out of the roughneck. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. The parameters of the document language models are estimated by interpolating relative frequency of occurrence of the term w in the document D with the relative frequency of occurrence in the document collection C. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. For this reason  , the detection of these variations is key to design an effective job categorization strategy that reflects the underlying data more closely. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. In our experiments  , after computing the metrics per user  , we averaged the results over all users and reported the results for Mean Average Precision@k MAP@k and Mean NDCG@k. We varied k from 1 to 10 as this is usually the size of a recommendation list fitting a device's screen. Since questions are typically one sentence long and contain fewer words than answers  , we only apply pruning on answer passages. We describe this approach in subsequent subsections. Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Rn  , where M is the main query and each Ri is a supporting term. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. One of the contributions of this paper is to provide a public dataset in order to better move the field forward. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . Space asks the user to define this mapping. One problem with using R-square as a measure of goodness of fitting is that it never decreases in that it adds more regressors. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. Our approach consists of two steps. In future work  , we plan to investigate the utility of the two-vocabulary setting when training with both SE and NL corpora. However  , the code we wrote for bobWeather was straightforward . At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. We plan to investigate these methods in future work.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. This is represented using the time function T : Σ → R ≥ that assigns the duration T σ to each action σ ∈ Σ. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. We used a Perl expression to find all links on a page  , with a regular expression that matched <a href= .. /a>. Besides  , since the relationship between the classes and topics is underlying   , we use the indexing variable y to indicate the latent structure between them. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. 0 The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Applying this rule to the functions defining a 95% confidence band for the DPM-curve yields a 95% confidence interval for the total number of defects e.g. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : A set regular path query Q ΞΨ Ð R describes a relation between two sets  , based on a regular expression R together with two quantifiers Ξ and Ψ. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. This means that we can start emitting results right away when we retrieve the first result from the index. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. This model belongs to the " learning to rank " category 8 which learns the preference or relevance function by assigning a real valued score to a feature vector describing a query  , object pair. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. The simulator works by artificially generating all possible sensorial input that a robot can face in its working season and the response of each evolving controller is tested for all these situations and fitness is increased each time the response is correct. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by 13  , we can from the above equation estimate the time period needed to reach the critical point C Fig. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. A simulator was applicable for it provides an ideal environment  , without noise and where the interactions among the robots can be carehlly specified. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. This is illustrated in Figure 3. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. run quicksort for each user. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. There are in fact many advantages to do so. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. , III In most cases  , origami problems cannot be modeled as trees since the incident faces surrounding a given face form a cycle in the linkage structure. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. stiffness force disturbance 16. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. That is  , instead of using the appraisal words  , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set  , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. Once the curiosity distribution is estimated  , we can obtain the likelihood that the user is curious about an item with sd  , i.e. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. For example  , the performance with K = 30 is worse than the that with K = 20. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. To ensure the above property  , we use the Evolution StrategyES as a. search method. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. The word pairs with highest association scores are {AI+4  , CP+0}  , {PG- 1 ,GH+0}  , {EE-4 ,EL-3} and the corresponding regular expressions are CPxxAI  , PGH  , EEL. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. Thus  , we suggest deadlock detection and resolution as the most appropriate strategy in the case of simulation modeling  , due to the inherent dynamic and stochastic nature of simulation. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. Furthermore  , in contrast to reported analytic techniques based on differential geometry 3 ,4  , 10 ,121  , our method does not require an edge correspondence problem to be solved or a smoothness assumption to be made about the object's surface  , and it produces an integrated  , consistent model from the data. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. , vectors of terms from a large corpus of Mayo Clinic clinical notes. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. The trends or the pattern of the  ,sensory inputs and the control parmeter outputs over time are also recoded in each case so that the system can iue time period information when retrieving the best case. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . The weather parameters are fed to the stacked autoencoder and the reduced feature space is obtained for further classification into extreme and non-extreme events. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. robot and obstacles 12. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. A final perspective is offered in Table 4which shows the success rate in function of the average states per symbol κ for an expression. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. 11shows the final result. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. Given page p and its candidate query set Sp = {q As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. Reordering Boxes. Here q is the charge on the electron and IABc is the control current. An additional paper layer was inserted between the PSPS and PCB to act as a lever arm and increase the folding torque. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. , no prior  , basic PLSA can be used to cluster any group of sentences to extract representative opinion sentences. For each node visited do the following. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. A deep redesign implementing the DELOS Reference Model2 must cover this lack  , as it is intended to be a common framework for the broad coverage of the digital library universe. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The i-th customer θi sits at table k that already has n k customers with probability n k i−1+λ In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. This implementation is transparent to the application program  , and has the same semantics as an ordinary character string object. A regular expression is used to segment a piece of text to tokens. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. The next section will discuss the classification method. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. For example  , considering average number of queries  , total time  , and prevalence of such sessions  , common tasks include: discovering more information about a specific topic 6.8 queries  , 13.5 min  , 14% of sessions; comparing products or services 6.8 q  , 24.8 m  , 12%; finding facts about a person 6.9 q  , 4.8 m  , 3.5%; and learning how to perform a task 13 q  , 8.5 m  , 2.5%. For K = 0.5  , the transfer function reduces to On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. One type of cognitive tasks is machine learning. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. , words that are likely to occur not need a language-specific or even domain-specific thesaurus or dictionary  , but learns directly from the unstructured content. In practice four to six iterations are sufficient to achieve a heading space resolution of less than one degree. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. Various related work follow the strategy of using a modeldriven approach to support architectural conformance. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. it is quite difficult to understand. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. K4. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. In Figure 5b  , we also see that the topic propagates smoothly between adjacent states. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression .