This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts.