b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. The rewards associated to each executed action were computed based on the class assigned by the classifier: −1 for large errors  , −0.5 for small errors  , and +1 for correct actions. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. The accuracy stays stable from Epoch 2 through Epoch 4  , indicating that no significant new information is available from Epoch 2 to Epoch 4. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. The task space of the robot  , i.e. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. In this simulation  , the size of the cloth is 0.4 m × 0.4 m. Since the number of joints m  , n of the multi-link model is 20  , 20  , the link distance l is 0.02 m. In order to achieve dynamic folding of the cloth  , motion planning of the robot system is extremely important. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. But s/he has no idea about which of the many possible databases to search. However  , our problem space is arguably larger  , because relevant candidate tags may not even appear in the document  , while candidate queries are most likely bounded in the document term space in keyword-based search. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. IICHI optimal. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations   , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. A value of 1.65 R was found  , as compared to the datasheet value of 1.33 A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. When sorting order is important  , the optimizer adds a  ,modified combine node called merge-combine above the index-scanned relation. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Then  , they considers this new document for a random time and moves  , independently  , to a third relevant document and so on. Given a finite time series Xt = xt : 1 ≤ t ≤ T   , the Shannon entropy can be expressed as One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. To remain focused  , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. The OTM model is able to take advantage of statistical foundation of PLSA without losing orthogonal property of LSA. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. Accordingly   , our approach allows the user to specify regular expression patterns as part of the fitness function such that sample graph vertices matching the pattern should be clustered and mapped to a particular model graph vertex. Besides  , SOS locates and retrieves exactly the artifact specified by the application. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. , t-test is also employed. We also augment each such abstract heap location with a formula  , which is a conservative encoding of the current state of that location  , including its type constraints. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. We begin by observing that only actions on targeted dimensions affect the optimization problem in any state  , thus the utility values in two states with the same number of A1 actions and A2 actions are the same. Therefore  , feature learning is an alternative way to learn discriminative features automatically from data. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. One scenario is that no range information is available. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. , a small rock on the right side while climbing a big hill. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. Generally  , it is useful to deal mechanically with a misspelling  , an inflection and the different representation such as 'three body' and 'three-body'. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. Only a mutation is used as the genetic operation. The data coverage of the components found by each of the methods may seem poor  , but one must remember that we have discarded components consisting of one motif only. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first investigation about how well a topic model such as PLSA can help capture hidden aspects in novelty information retrieval. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. There are something good and something bad. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. The shared S-only component can now be applied exactly once. In this approach  , we investigated the following three problems: 1 word/term disambiguation using co-occurrence  , 2 phrase detecting using a statistical language model  , and PROCLUS 1 and PreDeCon 4  , are also not considered here. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. The former group of methods can be divided into those that exploit query co-occurrences in the search logs  , and those that leverage the document click information such as random walks over query-document bipartite graphs. Barraquand and Latombe 901 have used random search techniques to overcome the problem of high dimensionality . We propose a novel image search interface to enable users to intuitively input a concept map by typing textual concepts in a blank canvas to formulate the search goal. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. We build a random walk over the heterogeneous multidimensional composite matrix in a non-rooted manner  , to find the overall importance or influence of the users in our forum corpus  , referred to as the AuthorityScore for the users in our corpus. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. A sort may wait in one of five situations: Wl: in stage 0 waiting to start; W2: in stage 1 with 1stMin space; W3: in stage 1 with more memory; W4: in stage 3; W5: before an external merge step. This might be the case when a query is very short  , or when specific domain terminology e.g. We have made the experience that if there exists such an inconsistency   , it shows up quickly during an attempt to complete the combination. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. For this example  , both MDLH-Greedy and MDLH-Dynamic compute sub-optimal solutions. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. To improve the utility of search results after cover query injection   , we also build user profiles on client-side with a user's true queries and clicks for search result re-ranking. The query is interesting because it produces an intermediate result 1676942 facts that is orders of magnitude larger than the final results 888 facts. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . The surface model provides the position and orientation of each leaf. , 2009a used Category-based Similarity to rank the resources and Arguello et al. Many snippets neither indicate similarity nor difference  , but merely mention a pair of products  , for example asking how they compare. For example  , if a fingertip encounters a ridge  , some specific strategies may be used to determine the size and extent length of the feature . A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. This paper highlights the efforts of the BEAR project in multi-agent research from an implementation perspective. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of related work in the field of music retrieval. However  , the double skew case was not considered. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Our initial approach is motivated by heuristic methods used in traditional vector-space information retrieval. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. Our second example ls an extremely "simplified" version of the equally welt-known FACTORIAL function. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989  , recall 0.798  , and F1 of 0.883  , for Pennsylvania. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. Intent generation and ranking. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. McCarley found that merging ranked lists generated using query translation and document translation yielded improved mean average precision over that achieved by either approach alone 11  , which suggests that bidirectional techniques are worth exploring . The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. As the binary constraints are directly imposed to the learning objective and are valid throughout the optimization procedure  , the derived binary codes are much more accurate than sign thresholding binary codes. I are presented along with an exhaustive search  , in Figure 8and table 1. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. A SAE model is a series of autoencoder. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. Queries are passed through cleansing steps  , such as case-folding  , stop-word elimination  , term uniquing  , and reordering of query terms in alphabetical order . The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. An algebraic system A is developed that is specialized for detecting data flow anomalies. syntactic and semantic information .  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. Obfuscate a user's true search intent to a search engine is very difficult: we need to first identify the search intent  , properly embellish it before submitting to the search engine  , such that the returned search results are still useful. hostname based is advisable. So evolvability 8 and parallelism are both considered to improve convergence speed of global optimization. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. An example is given at the beginning o section 4. method is described in  13; the algebra A itself is a contribution of this paper. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. Figure 4shows the user interface of our search engine. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. The search site speed was controlled by using either a search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. For ICTNETVS1  , they calculated a term frequency based similarity score between queries and verticals. This is the primary reason why a straightforward approach to personalization  , that consists of learning the model for each user only from that user's past transactions  , fails for the personalization task with the Web data. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. In the effort labels missing case  , since only the effort labels of part of samples are missing  , the imputation problem can be considered as a semi-supervised learning problem. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . 8 suggests a random search technique combined with bitmap based representation and numerical potential fields for developing motion planners for many DOF manipulator arms. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. GP maintains a population of individual programs. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. The server sub-session parse the query string into a script consisting of a set of SQL statements and content-based search operators. 6. In the second step  , a prototypical retrieval system based on Lucene 6 is implemented   , incorporating both an automatic and an interactive mode for query expansion. These models are then trained in a discriminative way  , usually with the goal of maximizing the likelihood of data under a parametrized likelihood function. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. For this modularity  , we pay the penalty of inefficient query optimizers that do not tightly couple alternate query generation with cost-based optimization . Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. A static search session is the search history of a real user in an interactive search system  , including the users' search queries  , click-through  , and other information. However  , the application is completely different. As suggested by early probabilistic models we argue that analyzing directly unmatched terms may provide additional cues to the relevance of a candidate document to the query. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. The automatically generated textual description of answers enables the system to be used in desktop or smaller devices  , where expressing the answer in a textual form can provide a succinct summary of multiple diagrams and charts  , or in settings where text is required e.g. In general  , click logs and anchor text seem to be more valuable resources for regularization compared to Web ngrams  , across different settings of K. Notice that the Web ngrams are primarily derived from document content  , so perhaps their lower effectiveness can be explained by lower influence on pLSA  , which also uses document content. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. XSPARQL extends XQuery by two additional grammar expressions: the SparqlForClause to use SPARQL's graph pattern matching facility including operators  , and the ConstructClause to allow straightforward creation of RDF graphs. Five of the nine retrieval methods used in the Query Track expand the query substantially either implicitly or explicitly . On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. During term translation  , the translations of a term are also retrieved from this same bilingual lexicon. issues from a viewpoint of robot learning: a coping with a " state-action deviation " problem which occurs in constructing the state and action spaces in accordance with outputs from the physical sensors and actuators   , and b learning from easy missions mechanism for rapid task learning instead of task decomposition. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. This experiment shows the value of using query expansion in retrieving relevant suggestion candidates. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. Every log entry contained a user identifier  , a time-stamp for every page view  , and the URL of the visited page. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. This is a fundamental task in consumer product search engines like Yahoo! Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Then  , when a user enters a text-based query  , we can extract tags from the query  , rank-order the songs using the relevance scores for those tags  , and return a list of the top scoring i.e. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. Over all six TREC test sets  , UGM achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BIR. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. Figure 1shows an example of Google image search 1 . It is much desired that an elastic matching of items can be used to accurately identify resales. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. Since there are only finitely many sensor measurements  , we have to consider only finitely many candidates. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. We discovered that query expansion increased Passage MAP for 11 topics and decreased Passage MAP for 9 topics. It is easy to see that NetPLSA shares the same hidden variables with PLSA  , and the conditional distribution of the hidden variables can still be computed using Equation 8. Shown is also the error plot illustrating the deviation e Ajx   , Ajx for all possible x. The existing Cranfield style evaluation 11 is less appropriate in local search. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . a All strings occurring in root occur in node In this example  , the rule template gc-template we exhibit shall be a function from deltas t.o deltas  , such t ,hat if A is an arbitrary set of insertions and deletions on a database instance LIB  , then applygc ,templateA ,DB will be the result of garbage collection on applyA  , DB. The evolution strategy has been shown to be globally convergent given unbounded running time 4. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. None of the classical methods perform as well. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly  , instead of their mapped clusters. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Figure 2gives the results for memory sizes ranging from l/10 of R in memory to all of R in memory. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. This form of expansion is simple to manage and effective. The set of definitions is kept in data base for providing this possibility. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. , ow are specified. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. In experiments  , some methods with good performance but time-consuming can not be applied . To accelerate learning rate  , model-based methods construct empirical models which are not known in advance  , and  , use statistical techniques and dynamic programming to estimate the utility of taking actions in states of the world. They also propose techniques for incorporating these alternative choices for cost based query optimization. , 19 decrement rule: Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. The state machine inside the rule is instantiated for different client/server combinations and is the rule's memory. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. Second  , it offers a principled way of tuning the degree of dictionary coverage to optimize the retrieval effectiveness. The default path flags string is " di " . NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Recursive use of something like a 2-place cons function quickly palls - cons94301  , cons94302  , cons94303  , cons94304  , cons94306 The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. We participated in the 1999 TREC-8 ad hoc text retrieval evalu- ation 8. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. The nested loops join methods ar ? Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. But we find something interesting that though some topics overlap  , some smaller but more precise topics are discovered see the two " Biology " topics in Table 5. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. , L  , and therefore the input and output layers have as many nodes as the number of topics used to model these sets  , K Q and K QA respectively. The results of the search in the subtree are stored in the bit stack in the delimiter with S=l. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. , Google with song  , album and artist names. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. The measure 4 plays the role of an " information density " or of a probability density function. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. The results show the approach works well. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. In both cases the robot started with no a priori knowledge of the environment. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. 1 is to maximize the log-likelihood of the training data. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. Experimental results on a real clickthrough data show that the method can not only cover 413 the OOV queries out of 500 queries  , but also achieve 62.2% in top-1 to 80.0% in top-5 precision. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. The assumption basically says that previous search results decide query change. Comparing with the fact lookup engines of Google and Ask.com  , FACTO achieves higher precision and comparable query coverage higher than Google and lower than Ask.com  , although it is built by a very small team of two people in less than a year. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. For ex-ample  , all dyadic LOLEPOPs JOIN  , UNION  , etc. We give examples of both ways of generating the test eases. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. Moreover  , this sort-merge-join operates on a document basis. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. Then  , the variable sizes of word embedding sets will be aggregated into a fixed length vector  , Fisher Vector FV  , based on the Fisher kernel framework 27. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. We call this method Variational Dynamic Programming VDP. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. This paper presents a framework that combines the modeling of information retrieval on the documents associated with social annotations. Hence  , it is not surprising that for certain queries no optimization is achieved at all. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. Next  , each model's location is estimated. A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. For each target graph  , we apply the fitting mechanism described in Section 4 to compute the best parameters for each model. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. 23 is one of a classic heuristic searching method. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. Second  , a declarative query language such as SQL can insulate the users from the details of data representation and manipulation   , while offering much opportunity in query optimization. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Yet  , in the CQA domain  , the differences are vast. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. We show that regular XPATH queries are capable of expressing a large class of XPATH queries over a recursive DTD D. That is  , regular XPATH expressions capture both DTD recursion and XPATH recursion in a uniform framework. This resulted in the icdqe run. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the necessity of translating query terms  , which might differ from one term to another. Parallelism is however recognized as a very important optimization feature for recursive query evaluation. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. Because the Shout Out dynamic calls for a back-and-forth dialog between the news-reading and comment-reading anchors  , the system needs to associate each comment with the paragraph to which it is most relevant. All these methods focus on analyzing user behavior when interacting with traditional search systems. For example  , in test-small  , 80% of the relations were small relations  , 10% were medium and 10% were large. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. It turned out all runs on all 9 continuous hidden aspect numbers got positive improvements. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The NECLA team submitted four automatic runs to the 2012 track. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. User-provided Mapping. This study was conducted following the kinematcis classification from an electromyographical point of view  , based on time and frequency domains. , all query nodes are exactly matched by their corresponding data nodes  , and each parent-child " / " resp. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. Because the learning rate is smaller than unity  , without reward  , the value of a given stateaction pair decreases  , effectively causing the system to treat absence of reward as punishment. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. , J ,-and JZ are performed in parallel. Following six trajectories for each of ten rooms  , we observe that  , provided GSL is accurate  , the JUKF could repeatedly and reliably track the position and orientation of both vehicles. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. The centers of corresponding MDs between two image planes should be searched for only within the same horizontal scanlines. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. , MMRE  , MEMRE often affect negatively the overall model accuracy  , while absolute measures e.g. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. , her query with the awareness of the pre-search context i.e. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. Shannon Entropy is defined as Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. For example  , considering average number of queries  , total time  , and prevalence of such sessions  , common tasks include: discovering more information about a specific topic 6.8 queries  , 13.5 min  , 14% of sessions; comparing products or services 6.8 q  , 24.8 m  , 12%; finding facts about a person 6.9 q  , 4.8 m  , 3.5%; and learning how to perform a task 13 q  , 8.5 m  , 2.5%. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 .  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Word- net 7  , Wikipedia 29 etc. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. Folding such displays lets users more quickly navigate such structure  , which is particularly useful for large hierarchies. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Specially  , the attribute relevance vector of a data field D is computed by averaging over its member text nodes  , as To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. Are the topics in Table 2really corresponding to coherent communities ? Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. However  , this approach does not provide any help for queries without relevance information. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. We then examine the explanatory variables in relation to the predicted likelihood of module defect-proneness. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. The pattern symbols are: This is achieved by merging R  ,-4 with whatever is left in R5 to H  , , ,  , appending the result to R  ,-  , " Figure 2c. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. This is necessary during the search over the space of subsets of clusters  , and while estimating final predictive accuracy. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. The other factor concerns the ability to choose the most common sense of a word  , this was not attempted using EuroWordNet and resulted in considerable erroneous translations. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. Otherwise  , the attributes in the non-stale set are selected as being influential on the score. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. According to the results in Tables 3 and 4  , the query expansion mechanism on fields is shown to be robust with various query expansion settings. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. Basically  , however  , the stability problem of the whole system is very important. Initially a random search strategy is used in which the profile of the object is placed at a series of ten random locations within the bounds of the substrate profile and the resultant total error for the difierence surface recorded in each case. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. Matching 15: is a query model relying on a single primitive: tree inclusion. A critical aspect with query expansion is that  , as more terms are added into the query  , the query traffic  , i.e. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Query expansion adds terms and possibly reweighs original query terms  , so as to more effectively express the original information need. , after browsing a webpage; 2 query auto-completion aims to suggest queries after a user browses a webpage and enters several prefix characters of a new query. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. , Type II error. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. , a user who explores many different types. Then  , a support vector machine 32 is used to compute the relevance score of these sections 2 Note  , this is different from HTML frames. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. The first phase merges each even-indexed item index starts from 0 with the item immediately following it  , in alternating directions . The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. The modifications to the operator dependency graphs required to support the sort-merge join method can be found in SCHN89b. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. There are two principles in the choice of join approach between hypergraph traversal and triple indices: 1 If the predicate of a triple pattern has a owl:cardinality property valued 1  , priority should be given to hypergraph traversal. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. However  , the number of data points that must be examined to find the best match grows exponentially with the number of dimensions in the data. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. Modeling sentiments: Note that Equation 1 is a general framework   , as it does not limit the methods used for sentiment modeling and quality modeling. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " The two different document-oriented and query-oriented views on how to assign a probability of relevance of a document to a user need have resulted in several different types of practical mod- els 17 . However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. Mardy and Dar- wish 12 provide results for the OCR of Arabic text  , using confusion matrices based on training data from the Arabic documents. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. This can be done by computing B i X −1 p i where p i are the segmented model points in the first case  , and the segmented bead in the second case. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. A set regular path query Q Ξ‚ Ð R describes a relation between a set and a single node  , based on a regular expression R together with an quantifier Ξ. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. That will establish a lower bound on the performance of our system if it had direct access to the linguistic knowledge in the MT system. For pro-active search  , the user can explicitly specify a depth search criterion  , like the name of a known author  , a topic of interest or a temporal range. The random access address of the ancestor mark bit can be saved for reference until the successor is searched later in the sequence. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! Our setup replicates the experiments in 27 to allow for comparing to their model. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. Test II: Combined Models. Note that there are lg m = 3 phases of the sort  , namely a 2-merge phase to yield a 2-sorted list  , a 4-merge phase to yield a 4-sorted list  , and an 8-merge phase to yield the final sorted list. Given a temporal binning of top-n results  , the temporal query-expansion approach scores candidate expansion terms according to , This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. RQ4. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : The Shannon entropy of a clickstream S u i α k is thus Major approaches for CLIR include bilingual dictionaries 3  , 7  , 141  , parallel collections 4  , 7  , 10  , 61 and comparable collections 26 or some combination of these. The Fibonacci search technique is the most efficient of any restricted search 6. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. , alignments between clinical concepts which determines to which extent the search functionality can be improved. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . In such situations  , the cost to the destination can be computed without using equation 3 and the recursive computation terminates. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. , the uninformed best-first search. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. Stack Skyline points SL Finally  , p8  , p9 dominated by {p1} in SL is skipped and the search completes. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. These video features include motion features e.g. Specifically  , we make the following contributions: 1. Note that when we plug in the newly-discovered functions into our search engine  , the same rules must be followed. In 1  , the authors recommend citations to users based on the similarity between a candidate publication's in-link citation contexts and a user's input texts. Entities from the ontology being changed are related to instances of the CHANGE concept through HAS REFERENCEENTITY property. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. With the dual goal of relevancy and diversity  , we design a two-stage framework to find a set of questions that can be used to summarize a review. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. The location of the actual edge is then determined by fitting a line over all " peak " pixels associated with each visible edge. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. However  , the exponential complexity of dynamic programming may limit the optimizer to queries that involve not more than 15 relations. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. Third  , a distributed P2P search system is more robust than a centralized search system as the failure of a single server is unlikely to paralyze the entire search system. Sponsored search is one typical instance of online advertising. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. The set of states should characterize the space of database evolution. American Financial Systems AFS developed their strategy by pursuing the following two goals: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the flail citation on the first page. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. Finally  , although user interface programming applies directly to traditional command line interfaces  , it is far more complex in the face of modern graphic interfaces 173. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. Successful repairs were generated for each program. Query Selection for Learning to Rank: For query level active learning  , Yilmaz et al. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. The query does not return any answers because it does not match the structure of the graph. The implementation of the system is in WP0bject Oriented programming with C++ under WINDOWS that allows multi-tasking . In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Query expansion with phrases suggested by the system 1. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. UsingRHOMEo we have realized a tool allowing a graphical dynamic simulation of a real control and programming system  , dealing with a variety of robotics applications. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. In the case of page. A better phrase translator should not alter our conclusion that query expansion can ameliorate the errors that occur in word-by-word or phrase   , 1996. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. 2 by gradient descent. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. random query selection followed by random document selection for each query. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Journal Search. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . Once entry Ei  , · · ·  has been used to compute all the entries for node i 2   , it can be garbage-collected. , x k  only if there are exactly two non-leaf nodes x i   , x j . In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. While it is perhaps no surprise to the information retrieval community that active learning generally outperforms random training 22  , this result has not previously been demonstrated for the TAR Problem  , and is neither well known nor well accepted within the legal community. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. This is the well known straight insertion sort. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The free search was performed by search experts only librarians and professors. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. The First- Match FM technique is used for term selection from a given entry in the MRD 8. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. At query time  , when OSCAR begins to scan a new run of blocks  , it uses the latest value returned by the r- UDF to only read from a corresponding fraction of the blocks in this new run. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. Experimental results show that  , while dynamic programming produces the best plans  , the simple heuristics often do nearly as well. In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. States s0-s3 and transitions t0-t3 are determined from the PATTERN clause in a way similar to that of determining FSM states from a regular expression. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. There are two major challenges that prevent these dynamic analyses from being used. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. seek to complete multiple search tasks within a single search session 14  , 15  , 22   , while also taking multiple sessions to finish a single task at times. In this paper  , we propose a query segmentation model that quantifies the uncertainty in segmentation by probabilistically modeling the query and clicked document pairs. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. But  , there were significant differences in the total usage of search interface features for each search task total: F 3 ,23 = 4.334  , p = .049. These can be used to explore optimal search strategies given a search interface. The underlying idea is that each t ype of thesaurus has dierent c haracteristics and therefore their combination can provide a valuable resource for query expansion. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . In the searching step  , we test the variables using an α-investing rule and in a sequential manner. BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. If one key of t has a concrete value not a regular expression  , such as " path 2 " of node B in Figure 4b which has one unique value " display "   , one keep operation is created for this key. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. In Information Retrieval Modelling  , the main efforts have been devoted to  , for a specific information need query  , automatically scoring individual documents with respect to their relevance states. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. These operations Table 1b are more complicated than simple search-and-replace of a constant string by another in two ways. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. Semantics-based approaches  , in general  , allow to reach a higher precision but lower recall 11. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. , The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. , Rn−1}  , including the set itself. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Furthermore  , we apply the 'exact match' strategy. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. We combine two retrieval strategies that work at two different To compute the inter-document similarities we build a vector space DocSpace where similar documents are represented by close vectors by means of the Semantic Vectors package 13. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. After every search iteration  , we decide the actions for the search engine agent. To account for these situations  , we must slightly modify the strategy defined above to detect whether a method is part of a change chain. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding. FE-NN1 is based on the standard Demspter's rule and the true pignistic Shannon entropy. ratio of the number of the nodes saved using the respective method to the number of nodes that would be saved by the greedy method were we to have complete data Λ  , Σ  , Ξ. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. In summary  , it is clear that most users do have clear affinities to beer types  , with only a small minority of explorers willing to experiment widely. 5 However  , for the clarity of presentation  , we have decided to stress the complete modeling analogy between the monolingual and cross-lingual approach to IR. Furthermore   , these texts are often mixed with English  , which makes detection of transliterated text quite difficult. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. In this case  , the query is divided into three different sub-queries. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. Multilingual thesauri can be built quite effectively by merging existing monolingual thesauri 27 ; the UMLS Metathesaurus is an excellent current example. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. The difference was particularly clear when the number of dimensions K was small. , array of floating point values. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. Rehg 4 implemented a system called DigitEyes which tracked an unadorned hand using line and point features . We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. This report is organized as follows. Using the same window size w  , the token fragment S surrounding the <SCH_TERM> is retrieved: The matching degree of the test sentence to the generalized definition patterns is measured by the similarity between the vector S and the virtual soft pattern vector Pa. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. On the other hand  , the green curve quasi-steady model is symmetric with respect to its local maxima so the quasi-steady model does not distinguish between the stroke acceleration phase and the stroke deceleration phase. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. When both lrclations arc large  , howcvcr  , as when hoth wcrc " tcnlhoustup " relations in our tests  , the optimal methods will he the pipclincd sort-merge methods. The in-memory sort merge join BE771 works as follows. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. In this section  , we construct a robust controller for uncertainties and load fluctuations with recursive Lyapunov-based design. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from  represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. We also collect two large-scale datasets  , including Facebook denoted as FB L with 63K nodes  , 1.5M edges  , and 0.84M wall posts 34  , and Instagram denoted as IG L with 2K users  , 9M tags  , 1200M likes  , and 41M comments 35. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Using the submodular function to re-rank the questions retrieved by simple and combined query likelihood language model denoted as QLQ +sub and QLQ  , A + sub  , respectively show better results over corresponding retrieval models for all evaluation metrics. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. This is in contrast with virtually all the existing work in which a document language model is generally defined for the entire document. Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. If the heuristic is misleading then  , at some point  , every successor is worse than the current node. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. This can in fact be seen as a particular instance of the principle of Dynamic Programming which is used in this paper. A gradient Best-First search is then used to find a path Q  , from the initial point  t i   , qf to the final point t.:  , q:. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. Furthermore  , MMR is agnostic to the specific similarity metrics used  , which indeed allows for flexibility  , but makes no indication as to the choice of similarity metrics for Sim1 and Sim2 that are compatible with each other and also appropriate for good performance. With an affine gap model  , a k-length gap contributes −b − k − 1 * c to the alignment score. However  , space precludes an explanation here. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. It is about 10 times as fast as our CLIR system in the above experiments. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. Consider for example Paul  , who is looking for the Microsoft internships web page  , which he has previously visited  , coming from the Microsoft main home page. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. Using the above evaluations we found that our generic heuristic dominates random ordering  , although the latter sometimes has increasingly competitive accuracy as more time passes before interruption  , particularly for 'Forest Cover Type' and 'Pen Digits' datasets. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. However  , it appears that reducing access to the collection has little or no effect in terms of unique relevant coverage as statistical test results indicated that for almost every access scenario and search strategy  , none of the access combinations showed any significant difference from the best performing access combinations. We show that the new measure predicts human responses to a much greater accuracy. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . XAP/l's Search Executive uses a simple form of the A* search to find an optimal plan. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field  , a creator  , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity  , authorship and production. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. , have a non-random date distribution 5 . One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. It is equipped with some search data structure usually a search tree that can be used to find the posting list associated with a given term. The value of parameter CT at ET ll& along with SP s = s determines RR for the path point Qu ,. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. Here  , these requirements should be added to the already existing requirements needed to self-contain the microfluidic device. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. As the diagram shows  , we label each node in the binary hierarchy with the set of child nodes from the original hierarchy that are below it. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. However  , we can think of static optimization such as determining whether a query or a subquery is type-invalid early by inspecting the type information to avoid useless evaluation over potentially large amounts of irrelevant data. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . The remaining data are fed to a random forest classifier 4. However  , intrinsically diverse search sessions  , e.g. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. Dynamic reconfiguration would be a powerful addition  , although It would be another source for nondeterminism. Person.name. Readers who took part in early TRECs will recall discussions on the issue of selective versus massive" query expansion. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. The averaged tactile sensor data  , which is independent of the force data  , has a standard deviation of 0.4 % peak strain so we expect a fitting error of 0.9 % peak strain. In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. In our previous work 2  , we presented a search engine architecture for an efficient Terabyte search engine. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. No optimization techniques are used. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. This engine was based originally on a number of pattern recognition tools collectively known as tgrep. Meta-search is the problem of constructing a meta-search engine  , which u s e s the results of several search engines to produce a collated answer. Such operator sharing is even the cornerstone of the Q-Pipe architecture 14. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Ambitious optimizers for sequential machines perform numerous transformations that involve deletion  , simplification  , and reordering of the generated code in an attempt to decrease the program's running time and space requirements. 2 The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. On the other hand  , if the focus is to learn the most effective ranking function possible disregarding efficiency   , then we can use a constant efficiency value. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. 19. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. This problem can be formulated as finding longest common subsequence LCS. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. The parameters of that function are the mean value and standard deviation that we have found in the learning stage. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. These experiments show that the decaying factor allows us to better distinguish strong and weak term relationships. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. In the second view  , however  , the surfaces can be distinguished  , and  , using the segmentation procedure  , separated  , and fitted by a surface model. While all three access mechanisms were identified prominently in the tutorial—a color  , printed document left with each participant—non-text access required extra thought and work. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting  , w = 5  , and w = 6.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. Linked document collections  , such as the Web  , patent databases or scientific publications are inherently relational   , noisy and sparse. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. Despite this fact  , we can achieve a high precision value of 0.82. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. Thus  , the problem to be solved is the development of a methodology which will allow us to order the document clusters according to the number of documents with formal relevance equal to unity which they contain. We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . Despite encouraging advances in computation and communication performance in recent years  , we are able to perform these activities only on a very small scale. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. Table 4shows the results for the title only T task using and without using Google-set based query expansion. In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. For instance  , one concern selected in gnu.regexp captured code related to the matching of a regular expression over input spanning multiple lines. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Given a concrete path fl.f2..f~  , we apply the rewrite rules to the tuple e  , fl.f2..f~ to obtain a final tuple Q  , e  , where Q is the regular expression that represents the path. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. For the query expansion experiments  , the Terrier 27 software was used. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. In this paper  , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. The word distribution of each topic reveals different themes underlying a corpus while the topic distribution θ d of a document characterizes the themes the document is associated with. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. Such dynamic generation and compilation results in large computation overhead and dependence on direct availability of a compiler. The second optimization is the pattern inclusion. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. Relevance Judgments In our experiment  , the data are labeled for evaluating QA general retrieval in the following two ways: by using the TREC factoid answer patterns  , and  , independently  , manually in order to validate the pattern-based automatic labels. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. This report describes the the query expansion methods that we explored as part of TREC 2008. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. Define Wv  , P  , Q as the largest value of W for which the value of the game with initial priors P and Q  , is positive. Using more than one event queue allows a more concurrent handling of events using multiple threads. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. , by applying full-text retrieval methods  , so 1 is a recursive function. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. In the two- Query Symptom q s  , dicts  , encycs  , roots  , synroots  , paras The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. al. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. Pre-selected biomedical concepts appearing in the documents were tagged using a dictionary-based named entity recognition technique. Our method resulted in a precision of 42.10% and the baseline came in third with a precision of 30.05%. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. The grasp synthesis procedure can be viewed as a search procedure ll. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. As document collection we used a random sample of 2 million questions and their best answers from Yahoo Answers. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. If no location is found  , PLSA 10 is performed on the tag data of the corpus. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. See 7 for a more detailed discussion. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. One problem with using R-square as a measure of goodness of fitting is that it never decreases in that it adds more regressors. There is some evidence that RTs can be useful in retrieval situations. Conversely  , we consider the case where once a node is inoculated  , it can inoculate more people by virally spreading the " good " information . Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. Prior to distribution  , component source code is compiled into binary code formats  , such as .lib  , .dll  , or .class files. This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. Some alternatives are discussed in Has95. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. Although uol. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. This means that both documents are guaranteed to belong to the result set of a query consisting of the shared term/phrase. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. These approaches use an imputation model to fill in missing data with plausible values  , which are then used as inputs for the inference model. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. As mentioned earlier  , every automatic error checking system has this weakness. The related problems of traversing mud and high  , stiff vegetation are also of interest with the main issue being a technique for effective characterization of the vehicle-ground interaction. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. As advocated in 3  our proposed method for correspondence search first constrains the search region and then performs an appearance based search therein. They conclude that translation could help patent retrieval  , but not always. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. A simulator was applicable for it provides an ideal environment  , without noise and where the interactions among the robots can be carehlly specified. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. As we mentioned  , these features are insufficient. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure . We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. A SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel is used to sort items locally in the local stores of the SPEs  , a distributed in-core bitonic merge is used to merge local store resident local sort results  , and a distributed out-ofcore bitonic merge is used to merge the results of a number of main memory resident in-core sort results. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. This relaxation adds additional overhead to our search space in dynamic programming from; otherwise nothing else changes. It is the task of the query optimizer to produce a reasonable evaluation strategy  161. We analyzed the contribution of the various features to the model by measuring their average rank across the three classifiers   , as provided by the Random Forest. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Newton's Laws and Newton's Law of Gravity are the Limits for my One Law of Nature 39. Besides  , Query Expansion technology is adopted in this run. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. This confirms earlier findings that the MLP can be slower by 1–2 orders of magnitude  , and has a direct dependence on the size of the training set 27. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. Providing effective navigation and search tools for digital content is an advantage of digital libraries versus conventional libraries. In doing a search  , a user accomplishes a variety of specific tasks: defining the topic of the search  , selecting appropriate search vocabulary  , issuing commands or selecting menu choices  , viewing retrieved information and making judgments about its relevance or usefulness. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! Query expansion has a significant overall effect and  , in addition to reasoning  , is an important factor affecting the accuracy of the retrieval. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Precision for each of the four language models and the regular expression classifier are reported in Table 7tagging refers to entity and part of speech tagging. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. The total time complexity is Onk where n is the number of tree nodes. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. The objects are sorted by D 1   , D 2  in the parent node. Summarized  , despite the issue that many PDFs could not be converted  , the rule based heuristic we introduced in this paper  , delivers good results in extracting titles from scientific PDFs 77.9% accuracy. The simple MT-based query translation and the PRF methods are illustrated in Figure 1. In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. Tree-Pattern Matching. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. Using the similarity  , we can define the measure of Semantic Relevance or SRw i   , e as follows: In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. We apply random walks up to a restricted number of steps. Data Page Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. Since a given table The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. For example  , Arguello et al. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. Hybrid policies minimize the flushing of intermediate buffers from main memory   , and hence can decrease the I/O cost for a given execution. DTDs provide a sophisticated regular expression language for imposing constraints on elements and subelements the so-called content model   , but are very limited in the control of attributes and data elements. However Powell et al. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. There has been relatively little prior research on how advertisers target their campaign  , i.e. One of the busiest Internet sites in Germany is a job search engine. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. As a method mainly for interaction between search engines and users  , query suggestion techniques usually cannot directly improve the relevance of the search results  , but rather enhancing the entire user search experience within the same search intent. This study helped us answer the following questions: Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. We submitted 10 runs to KBA CCR Track 2013  , including 2 query expansion runs  , 2 classification-based runs and 6 ranking-based runs. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. As a consequence  , there exists an n-m-dimensional holonomic constraint on generalized coordinates and the joint evolution is restricted to an m-dimensional manifold M . This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. GEOY_CBJPART is an entity-valued function that stores the PART's shape  , and also the position and location relative to each superpart. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. In a pay-for-performance search market  , advertisers compete in online auctions by bidding on search terms for sponsored listings in affiliated search engines. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. The retrieval model was originally proposed for CLIR. Example. During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. Calculate angle and distance to the reflecting point by fitting TOFs of the same objects with Formula 3  , and finding L and 60 Fig.4. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. Just as h ~ m a n fingers explore objects in non-random patterns , i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. In evoultionary strategy ES  , state vector 2 was composed of n-dimensional real-valued vector and mutation step size 0. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73. PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . Finally  , holds due to the product rule for differentiation. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. A specific search engine. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. To complement the inadequacy of cache hit ratio as the metric  , our study is based on real replays of a million of queries on an SSD-enabled search engine architecture and our findings are reported based on actual query latency. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. Alternatively  , the topic of the query may be implicity inferred from the search entry point. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. Re~ulta were collected for bushy  , deep  , left-deep  , and right-deep trees using both dynamic programming and heurietice. Xu et al. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Clearly  , we want to enumerate every pair once and only once. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. In training phase  , the sentences retrieved are used as train samples. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. It is based on the theory of natural selection and evolution. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. Experiment Setup. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. Also at runtime  , rules are basically compiled OzC code which allows for efhcient evaluation of conditions and execution of actions. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. Thus  , MPBSM has a slight advantage in our implementation because it makes one less scan of the data on disk. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. A goal is 1 a query  , an expression space  , or an expression class  , together with 2 a set of properties the optimized plan must return For example  , a goal may be the query 'join R.a=S.b R S' with the constraint 'sorted on S.b'  , which may be mapped to 'merge-join R.a=S.b sort/partition R.a R sort/partition S.b S'. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. For demonstration purposes here  , a method of smoothing only line segments within a laser scan  , while leaving alI other parts of the scan in tact can successfully meet our requirements to segment laser data and extract lines. When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. We identify two families of queries. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. First  , we propose a novel model to support context-aware search. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. Breaking the Optimization Task. Thirdly  , the program which instantiates a variability-related role should be encapsulated as an interceptor which is a regular Java class and implements the Interceptor interface. The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. Popular search engines like Google or Yahoo! For each search task  , participants were shown the topic  , completed a pre-search questionnaire  , conducted their search and then completed a post-search questionnaire. The first assumption in 12 requires that The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. Moreover  , such specifications allow for replacement of sensors and dynamic reconfiguration by simply having the selecfor send messages to different objects. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. As mentioned above  , current EP systems 1  , 6  , 8  do real-time pattern matching over unbound event streams. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. Rows represent experience levels  , columns represent ratings   , ordered by time. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting  , model combination  , and complexity control. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. For our two-state model  , we are interested in the transitioning behavior of the machine. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. The outputs are then used as input to a Support Vector Machine  , that combines optimally the different cue contributions. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. In applying Q-learning to our task  , we have to define an action space. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. Taking missing value imputation as an example: missing values can be represented in the raw data in several ways  , then identified as such and coded as NAs. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. To correct this effect  , we further issued a random sample of 118 queries to Google's search engine with site restriction to Yahoo! Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. The numbering in the query canvas implies the order in which the faces are specified. In addition to confirming the main hypothesis  , experiments also showed that Boolean conjunctive normal form CNF expansion outperforms carefully weighted bag of word expansion  , given the same set of high quality expansion terms. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. One possible method would be to use a grammar to produce a sort of reverse merge. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. In that case  , we will consider the major to minor ordering R.d  , R.b for nested loop and R.b  , R.d for sort-merge. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. , the pattern name may end with an asterisk  , while the other strings are either standard strings or strings composed of the single character '_'. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. The question of how the relationship between the symbol and the referent is to be established has been identified in Artificial Intelligence Research as the " Symbol Grounding Problem " . Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. Many different retrieval models have been proposed and tested  , including vector space models 13  , 12  , 10   , probabilistic models7  , 16  , 15  , 3  , 6  , 5  , and logic-based models17  , 19  , 2. A camera is positioned above the table with its visual axis forming an angle of 30° with the vertical  , in a way that the target edge appears at the lower edge of the acquired image. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. Invocation. Note that the timing of each one of the random datasets is aligned with a LCC dataset. Some variants of LSA have also been proposed recently. Then  , by using a line fitting procedure  , a fitted line segment is used to model each clus- ter. The results of our experiments demonstrate that the term-similarity based sense disambiguation does improve the retrieval performance of dictionary based CLIR performance. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. An obvious method in question answering QA for assessing the relevance of candidate answer sentences is by considering their underlying event structures  , i.e. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. Inspired from lo  , the segments of articulation of each finger are concurrent at the wrist's middle point  , C   , as shown in Figure 2a.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. The penalty term has a factor 1 + r e   , where r e is the ratio of documents that belong to event e. If the ratio r e for a specific event is high  , it will receive a stronger penalty in the size of its spatial and temporal deviations   , causing these variances to be restricted. Instead of trying to achieve a simple two-step procedure  , the novel ranking function  , revenue direct-optimization  , aims to directly maximize the approximate empirical revenue. Figure 2b depicts the influence spread of top-50 nodes. The techniques that do not attempt to create explicit models must run thousands of iterations on the true robot to find policies. It is worth noting that a larger search space query log in our case may result in worse performance. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. Knees et al. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. The differences between these techniques  , their capabilities  , and their shortcomings illustrate the problems inherent in lumping them together in a taxonomy of fault detection techniques. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. Therefore  , we need to find a priori which tables in the FROM clause will be replaced by V. Optimization of conjunctive SQL queries using conjunctive views has been studied in CKPS95. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. This behavior promotes the local cache. Thus  , the system does not adopt a purely agglomerative or divisive approach  , but rather uses both kind of operators for the construction of the tree. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. Similar to 171  , in order for the control method to be effective  , the ANN learning rate  , and the error coefficients Q  , R  , and S must be carefully tuned. Accuracy is defined as the percentage of answers classified cor- rectly. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. By doing so  , we do not need to find out all function/procedure calls in the program  , but we simply modify the entry part of each function/procedure slightly. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. These properties make it the ideal search strategy in an interactive CLIR environment. Then  , with the window with the code in it displayed  , we would observe the user dragging out a rectangular region to capture the lines of code in this older version of the function that are of interested to them  , so they can bring it forward in time to be pasted into the current version of the code. Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. Consequently  , all statistics computed on the completed database will be correct. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. Clearly  , providing individual phone numbers as seed examples would not achieve the desired behavior; the numbers may not even exist in the corpus. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. In all experiments we used cosine distance to measure the closeness of two vectors either document or word vectors in the common low-dimensional embedding space. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. , inferring ongoing activities before they are finished. Table 2shows the experimental results. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. The results have shown that the use of domain-specific resources for enriching the document representation and for performing a semantic expansion of queries is a suitable approach for improving the effectiveness of CLIR systems. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. We can use R. F. to denote the baseline  , which adjust the parameter of a BF by optimizing false positive and search query terms in a random order. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. The idea is to create unsorted sequences of records  , where each sequence covers a subset of the dataspace that is disjoint to the subsets covered by the other sequences. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . At the next generation  , a new exploration space that includes the actions that is succeeded in the previous generation is generated. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. See 14 for details of this derivation. We do not present an exhaustive case study. γ is a parameter that controls the amount of regularization from external resources. Figure 2a and Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. While CueFlik allows users to quickly find relevant search results and reuse rules for future searches it does not allow users to organise search results or to maintain old search results and carry out new searches  , unlike ViGOR. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. Two annotators then assign each of these terms as relevant or not to UK- EU discussion and the relevant terms are used to search the wider random set to expand the topic specific set. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. Long queries use title  , description and narrative. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. A major advantage of our work is that by extending the PLSA model for data from both training and test domains  , we are able to delineate nicely parts of the knowledge through TPLSA that is constant between different domains and parts that are specific to each data set. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition  , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. Figure 2awas taken from these data. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. In the text context  , an observed event corresponds to occurrence of a word w occurring in a document d. The model indirectly associates keywords to its corresponding documents through introducing an intermediate layer called hidden factor variable }  ,.. , So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Semi-Supervised Learning Merging SSL 27 uses curve fitting model to calculate comparable document scores from different sources for result merging. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. Each type in the schema has a handler  , analogous to a function  , which is composed of the basic instructions . In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. For a planar biped  , the proposed control strategy consists in the tracking of a reference path instead of a reference motion for the joints and for the position of the CoP. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. In contrast  , the glass observation windows of the tank are smooth  , i.e. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Once we have selected a center  , we now have to optimize the other two parameters. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. 0 Identifying classes of recursions for which the time to compute a sample is a function of the sample size is an interesting open question. The constant k mitigates the impact of uments according to the pairwise relation rd1 < rd2  , which is determined for each d1  , d2 by majority vote among the input rankings. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. Query expansion is another technique in the retrieval component. 6 and 7. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. The way to avoid an obstacle differs in two figures  , and these motions can be used as motion can- didates. Random restarts were applied to initial weights to allow the optimizer to find a reasonable solution. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. In the first step  , the original search query text is submitted to a search engine API and request for N returned documents. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. Returning to the scenario described in Section 5  , the designer of the railroad system identified the stack and the queue models as potentially reusable and stored them in the repository as described in the Section 5.1. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future  , denoted by T rustID. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. No instruction was provided on search tactics or vocabulary. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. Query expansion using 30 expanded terms within top 20 documents. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. Hence  , in a given context  , only papers that are relevant to the context reside. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. We heuristically limit our search space to include only left-deep evaluation plans for structural joins. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. In sponsored search  , a user makes a query for certain keywords in a search engine and is presented with a list of relevant advertisements in addition to organic search results. As a result  , queries translated using this method typically perform worse than the equivalent monolingual queries -referred to here as monolingual retrieval performance. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. In Model 2  , probability of relevance is interpreted relative to a subset of document properties. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. HyProximity suggestions were most commonly described as " really interesting " and " OI-oriented "   , while the suggestions of Random Indexing were most often characterized as " very general " . Schema inference then reduces to learning regular expressions from a set of example strings 10  , 12  , 31. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. It is integrated with a conventional dynamic-programming query optimizer 21  , which controls the order in which subsets are evaluated and uses cost information and intermediate results to prune the search space. To further test the quality of the suggested queries  , CLQS system is used as a query " translation " system in CLIR tasks. Table 4displays these results. In order to figure out how many steps are needed to converge the Q-learning  , we use O  k  state space and simplify the convergence such that the value of the action value function in each state converges if it is updated from the initial value 0. Different solutions can be implemented: from regular expression matching to search over predefined areas  , up to advanced templating on the informative content of a page. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. Recommendations to person p are made using: Pm|p ∝ Pp  , m. the NCU family 16. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. BBN supplied us with an annotated version of the English language portion  , where named entities were marked by the Nymble tagger3  , which identified 184 ,723 unique named entities. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. As with suspension  , paging enables an external sort to relinquish its buffers as and when they are needed for replacement or for release to the DBMS. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. We enabled English stemming for all runs and did not use any stopword lists. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. Another limitation is that spec methods cannot be recursive. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. The relationship between the number of hidden units and MSE on training and test data for a q of 0.02 is shown in Figure 6; note the test performance is evaluated at 5 epoch intervals. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. That is , To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. However the bottom-up search does perform at least as well as the serial search  , which is a very good result for a clustered search. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. We use stack search similar to 30  , which keeps a list of the best n ranking combinations as candidates seen so far. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. The related-text significantly improves the results of retrieval methods that do not perform query expansion. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. The output of each model the top ten most similar results for each test question were manually labelled as relevant or not and this was used to calculate the evaluation statistics. Therefore  , once we obtain the occurrences of the regular expression in the token sequences  , we need to restore the original text strings. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. 101have been applied to test the contribution of the new optimal search directions. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. It takes as input a DTD graph G D and nodes A and B in G D   , and returns a regular expression recA  , B as output. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. Search-based techniques emphasize reduced record cost  , thereby their recorded information is typically incomplete for a faithful replay. An internal sort is performed on each of these buffers with respect to the tags of the data items. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. Step 5 is improved using a model selection criterium to mitigate the over-fitting problem. Here we use these methods to find components from a discrete data matrix. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. Query Expansion. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. Several appearance-based methods for hand detection in depth images have been proposed in recent research. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. The † and ‡ symbols indicate that the achieved improvement of SQEEX−RM over the expanded and unexpanded lists  , EX-RM-NP2 and EX-RM  , is statistically significant at p<0.01. For this reason  , the detection of these variations is key to design an effective job categorization strategy that reflects the underlying data more closely. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. The results are available in tab. Since the subjects were instructed to favor accuracy over task time  , each trial was completed when the subject deemed that the closest fit hacl been attained. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. with t elements and |D| possible tags for each element y i   , i = 1  , · · ·   , t  , the possible number of classes is |D| t . When two robots are within the same " node " of the map  , they can localize with the same landmarks and operate in a common coordinate system. There have been some recent efforts to model temporally-varying links to improve automatic discovery of relational communities or groups 4  , 15 but this work has not attempted to exploit the temporal link information in a classification context . We believe this is a very promising research direction. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. The results of the expansion experiments are presented in Table 1manual selection of expansion keys and Table 2automatic selection of expansion keys  , and organism names as expansion keys. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. Decrement the utility of entries in T b i that correspond to the property values identified for a worst . There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. We refer the readers to the paper in 1 for details. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. We proposed a content hole search for community-type content. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. *-delimited blocks of the generated regular expressions can be wrapped in optional groups .. ? In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. Notice  , we do not make any assumptions about the shape of the function Θ·  , ·. There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. Random search in such a space is hopeless. Therefore defining the semantics of an SQL query by translation into relational algebra and relational calculus opens up new optimization oppor- tunities: -The optimizer can investigate the whole query and is no longer constrained to look at one subquery at a time. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. We cannot extend the Featherstone method to the walking robots as easily as we extended Walker and Orin's method  , because we have also to consider the acceleration of point 0 0 and the contact efforts. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. Now that we have calculated SAD values over the image  , we select the upper ten nonoverlapping unique regions based on the SAD metric and perform a second series of SAD calculations within a 2i by 2i search window centered on the regions identified by the first pass. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . In order to avoid these limitations   , we chose to use a monolingual test collection for which translated queries are available  , and to base our evaluation on the largest possible number of topics. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. The whole collection can now be viewed as a set of x  , y pairs  , which can be viewed as samples from a probabilistic model. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. The evolutionary search method starts with a population of p random solutions. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. An acceptable search would find most of the relevant documents with minimal wasted effort. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. 5: ROC curves for the datasets a Medium b Large c All . Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. In the rest of this section we give an overview of how our approach automatically detects this vulnerability and generates the sanitization statement. The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. They are sorted according to question types and can handle more anchor terms. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. Second  , the LCE method  , which uses both multiple explicit query concept types and latent expansion concepts  , outperforms the SD method  , which uses the query concepts alone. For i < j  , we can calculate its value with dynamic programming. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. The overall speedup depends on the number of results in each query. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. Formally  , preserving ω with respect to an interpretation I means that for each t  , 0 ≤ t ≤ k  , we have Is t  = Is 0 . Due to this fact  , we argued that users may expect to find novel search results  , instead of simply to improve search performance when they reformulate queries 2. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. the simple search based method  , the found terms are simply used in a new search in an extended set of fields also supplied as a property. The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. They looked at two applications of query flow graphs: 1 identifying sequences of queries that share a common search task and 2 generating query recommendations. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. Specifically  , leaving si untranslated could be a wise choice if its semantics could be recovered by pre-or post-translation expansion. The uneven surface of the vermiculite does not lend itself to primitive fitting without a severe reduction in surface location accuracy. , a test case that triggers a failure or covers a particular branch/path follows a geometric distribution. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. We submitted ve oocial CLIR runs and scored an additional four unoocial runs locally  , as shown in Table 2. 2 Billerbeck  , B. and J. Zobel 2004. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. Search interrmxhary elicitation during the online search stage largely focused on search strategy and terms  , followed by the online relevance elicitation requesting users to judge the relevance of the output. The key characteristics of this run is the 10 minute time limit imposed on topic expansion. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document. In the experiments in this section  , we investigate how attention affects learning and recognition of cluttered scenes. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. The Q-learner does not have to select the last role it was executing before it died. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. A query usually involve both meta-data search and image content search. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. The working principle of the deterministic crossover operator is based on the operation of forward dynamic programming . When the evaluation function is cumulative  12  , 81  , that is  , takes the form of a sum  , the combinations can be checked in quadratic time using dynamic programming . We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . The Self-Organizing Map generated a A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. , A relevant document will contain". The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . In this case one gets in addition to 2 , The titles of the topics were used as queries for this run. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. For instance  , the regular expression can be applied to extract all IP addresses in email Header to form an artificial sub-document. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. While this is irrelevant to the problem of locating a static object  , it is important when the object is moving in an unknown way in the robot hand. So  , the effectiveness of DTD or XSD schema learning al-gorithms is strongly determined by the accuracy of the employed regular expression learning method. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. The join can be done using a hash based or sort merge technique. Users often visit online forums and search using the functionality provided on these web sites. As can be seen from Table 9and Figure 3   , dynamic programming achieves the greatest decrease in document size over the original document: an average of 37.2%. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. For questions with the Qtargets Q-WHY-FAMOUS  , Q-WHY-FAMOUS-PERSON  , Q-SYNONYM  , and others  , the parser also provides qargs—information helpful for matching: Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. 4  , we describe how the synchronization results are integrated into our SyncPlayer system. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. In the remainder of this section we describe each of these methods in turn. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. Experimental results are presented in section 4 conclusions are drawn in section 5. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. In Section 4.2  , we give a detailed explanation of how we are able to infer that the result of the sort-merge join is guaranteed to be grouped on c custkey. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. A method of voting for object centroids followed by a model fitting step was described in 20  , but we assume having no CAD models for test objects in this paper. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. The distance proposed by Lerdahl 6 is used to compute costs between different chord candidates. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. The experimental system presented three different interfaces to the user during interaction  , it comprised a baseline interface that resembled the conventional layout of mainstream search engines  , and only provided a search box and 10 search results in a list format. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. Hence a post-sort becomes unavoidable. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. We built a very simple web-based interactive search system. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. On the other hand  , the test set has only 25 queries and the difference between our system and the combined MT run is very small. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. To conduct this security check  , we specify the set of unsafe strings with the following regular expression. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. In addition  , in all phases of the maneuver  , the aircraft can benefit from the increased controllability offered by its wings without suffering significantly from increased drag. Content expressions. We first present the basic PLSA model as described in 21. Horizon fitting selects a horizon of training data from the stream that corresponds to a variablelength window of the most recent contiguous data chunks. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. It may be assumed that training points representing collision-free solutions would be generated with conservative sizes of the representative polytopes in the problem at hand. In this paper  , we described a Surface Similarity based method for fuzzy string matching for performing CLIR and were able to show good improvement in performance. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. We can compute the consistency between the distribution on topics of a user and a question to determine whether to recommend the question to the user. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to propose such a solution. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. Though some other methods take the textual content into account  , they make oversimplified assumptions and thus ignore useful participation information. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " We start from a theoretical model based on Game Theory   , which builds on a few assumptions and leads us to our first result  , linking TCT with inclination to risk. A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. For the second run  , this score was combined with that of a statistical model that was trained to distinguish documents that are referred to by GeneRIFs from those that are not. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. In particular  , they account for the 12~second hike in page's response time  , from an average of 410 seconds in Figure 7to an average of 530 seconds here  , compared to the smaller 65-second increase in the case of split. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. The effectiveness and efficiency of this strategy relative to comparable baselines is then shown in subsequent sections for two applications: CLIR  , and retrieval of scanned documents using OCR. The evolution strategy is widely studied today in robotics current situation  , and is not based on expected sib w&nxs. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. By varying this estimated note length  , we check for patterns of equally spaced intervals between dominant onsets On. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. , for all k  , d i ,k ∈ li  , si. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. We highlighted the major difficulty faced by a researcher in classical framework: the need to estimate a relevance model with no training data  , and proposed a novel technique for estimating such models. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. For example  , a page's du value can be increased by folding in the stationary distribution of a random walk that resets to only that page  , exactly analogous to increasing and propagating yu. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. In this way  , the work space increases gradually  , one buffer at a time. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. Character recognition is conducted using template matching. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. The effectiveness of this design strategy will be demonstrated on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . it is quite difficult to understand. 11 selected strongly correlated genes for accurate disease classification by using pathways as prior knowledge. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. Though this topic modeling approach is more theoretically motivated  , it does not have the flexibility of adding different features to capture different aspects such as query relevance. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. df w is the number of documents that contain the term w. |d| is the length of document d. avdl is the average document length. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". , s2. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. We randomly split the data into a training set 251 queries and an evaluation set 40 queries as follows: Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. The state evolution is only conditioned on getting the impression and not on the price paid for it. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. This means despite the fact that some search features were perceived as more or less useful for certain search tasks  , this trend was not apparent for all search tasks. , game posts and stickers are not available in IG L  , which is handled by using the imputation technique 36. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. In this paper  , we introduce the novel problem of question recommendation in Question Answering communities. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. The trade-off parameter c of the Support Vector Machine learning was set to 1 in all experiments. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. Thus  , violation to the principle of optimal&y requires further extensions. The spotting recognition method 7  based on continuous dynamic programming carries out both segmentation and recognition simultaneously using the position data. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. International organizations  , governments of multi-lingual countries  , to name the most important ones  , have been traditional users of CLIR systems. Both methods use query expansion. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. To model the existence of outliers  , we employ the total probability theorem to obtain We seek to predict household income from age in years  , education 16 levels  , marital status 7 levels  , and sex 2 levels. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. The sample-based representation directly facilitates the optimization of  I I  using gradient descent. A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. In the second step  , COR computes the accurate visibilities for objects   , as well as the tightest visibility upper bounds for IR-tree nodes. DLESE resources are contributed or collected from many sources  , and although all the materials need to be within the scope of DLESE as expressed by the Collections Policy  , there was no guarantee of balance in the collection across the many subjects that were of interest to the diverse and generally unknown user groups. Definition 4.1 Pareto optimality: assume that n criteria with scalar values are to be minimized  , an objective vector z * is Pareto optimal if there does not exist another objective Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. The time spent on the sort-and-merge takes up most of the running time over 70%. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. Astrahan  , et al. In this paper  , we used an optimistic fair-exchange protocol proposed by Micali 13 for fair-contract signing. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . Facilitate. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . The latter requires a human interpreter to identify the concepts in the requests. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. The operands for long instructions can be immediate operands i.e. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. This means that there exists a 0 k such that u k is not contained in A;. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. The modifier for class R contains one real data member  , i  , and three member functions  , A  , B and C. The modifier is combined with P under the inheritance rules to get R. Data memberfloat i is a new attribute in R since is does not appear in P. Member function A that is defined in M  , is a new attribute in R since its argument list does not agree with A's argument list in P. Member function A in P is recursive in R since it is inherited unchanged from P. Thus  , R contains two member functions named A. In this experiment  , where external sorts frequently experience large fluctuations in their allocated memory  , the number of runs that an external sort selects for the first preliminary merge step during a split  , whether according to naive or based on opt. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . Similarly  , when designing a new method for MRTA  , our definition of the problem and our exposition on previous approaches may prove useful. This is basically a random search combined with the heuristic: spreading out the contacts produces better quality grasps. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. This scoring function is similar to the un-normalized entry generation likelihood from the feed language model. The result sets for each topic from each Web domain name were saved to disk. Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. This can be done by submitting each sub-query independently to the search engine. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. The word pairs with highest association scores are {AI+4  , CP+0}  , {PG- 1 ,GH+0}  , {EE-4 ,EL-3} and the corresponding regular expressions are CPxxAI  , PGH  , EEL. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. Denote these distances D F   , ..  , 0 2 for the robot position X .  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. We explain our choice of the function φ and hence our specific weight function wu  , v by showing that the weight of a matching is proportional to its log likelihood  , and the matching with maximum expected weight i.e. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. This paper focuses on the PGA memory management since this memory holds the run-time memory of executing SQL statements. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. A search set also has a serial number and a search expression. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. The approaches developed–such as the " imputation methods " that attempt to modify the database directly by replacing null values with likely values–are not applicable for autonomous databases where the mediator often has restricted access to the data sources. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. Next  , the first and second phases must be modified to generate alternative plans with Cache operators. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. During the optimization of a single query  , the optimizer issues several access path requests henceforth called index requests  , or simply requests for different subqueries . The first phase consisted of pattern matching between query terms and MeSH terms that are found in MeSH regular descriptor file and MeSH supplementary concept records file. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. , K. We first calculate the K precision values for each target separately and then compute the aggregate value for each k by averaging over all targets. Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. We repeat iterative step s times. ? Complets A fundamental issue in dynamic layout support is the granularity of the minimal relocatable entity. Commercial systems like AltaVista Image Search only index the easy-to-see image captions like text-replacement  " ALT "  strings  , achieving good precision accuracy in the images they retrieve but poor recall thoroughness in finding relevant images. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. By comparing their performance distributions  , merge sort is the better choice in this context. We are currently working on improving class membership detection. , our onset signatures into multiple parts  , and obtains a histogram of time series gradients corresponding to each of them. Learning scheme. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. In this paper  , we presented HAWK  , the first hybrid QA system for the Web of Data. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. First  , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics  , and get the probability of each topic over each image  , P z|I. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. Aggregated and Federated Search Aggregated search is the task of searching and assembling information from a variety of resources or verticals and placing it into a single interface 4  , 24 . In this paper we describe the use of collective post-search browsing behavior of many users for this purpose. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. The best-first crawler BFC uses a classifier that learns to classify pages as belonging to topics in a taxonomy. This indicates that the ratings predicted by Global Prediction are more discriminative and accurate in ranking the four DSRs. Typical executions in a star schema might involve bitmap accesses  , bitmap merges  , bitmap joins and conventional index driven join operations. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. A non-malicious node is the commitment type and a long-run player who would consistently behave well  , because cooperation is the action that maximizes the player's lifetime payoffs. All of these computations are subject t o error. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. We select one element at each column by Dynamic Programming. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. Such feature can be is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. , luv as well as regular expressions for capturing compound morphing are constructed from HF and Wilson terms  , applied to the LF term set  , and refined iteratively in a manner similar to the repeat-character refinement steps describe above. The hill-climbing stepsize is initially set to 1.0 feet in translation  , degrees in rotation and is halved when a local maximum is reached  , in order to more precisely locate this maximum. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level  , e.g. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. Tassa et al. The experiments on TREC We assume a user's previous search queries and the corresponding clicked documents are good proxies of a user's search interests. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. Section 2 describes related work. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. To define the embedding for a set of words W   , we define g : W → v W ∈ R d that computes embedding as: To calculate the failure probabilities of the subsystems  , we searched the IEEE Std. The bars labelled with the 'o' suffix make use of a semantic optimization: We restrict the grid to the relevant region before searching for cells that contain points. When a sort cannot be completed entirely in memory   , the in-memory merge produces runs and external merging is required. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. Can we predict community acceptance ? However its phrasing significantly differs from the phrasing of the other two {b  , d}. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. The travel space together with a dynamic programming technique has the advantages of both  , local and global strategies: robustness and completeness. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. This is valuable in situations such as dextrous manipulation  , where building a realistic and accurate simulator is extremely difficult. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. One avenue for future research lies with the path planner . This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. In this manner  , we sampled 505 document pairs that are mutual translations of each other and therefore semantically similar by construction. SIGIR '99 6/99 Berkley  , CA  , USA 0 1999 ACM l-5611%096-1/99/0007. 9 shows experimentally that most of the terms words in a collection are distributed according to a low dimension n-Poisson model. 2. There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. Not only does it implement a dynamic search engine  , Dumpling also provides a convenient user interface for a user to compare the results from the dynamic search engine and the static search engine . These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. As expected   , the QE method using a word translation model TM1 fails to improve the search performance. Therefore  , the scan task is also responsible for returning the sorted records to the host site. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. As T + 0  , softmax action selection is the same as greedy action selection. As we have argued this can address some of the shortcomings of pure term-based representations. Stage 1.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. This produces a list where consecutive 2-item blocks are sorted  , in alternating directions. The deviance is a comparative statistic. A majority of cache misses occur after traversing a suffix link to a new subtree and then examining each child of the new parent. Hash tag splitting As we did in 1  , in addition to the words of the tweet  , we have used a hashtag splitter to split the compound words representing the hashtags in common English words. We begin by restricting our consideration of possible renderers to documents. Given a question 1 2 .. k Q q q q =   , it is natural to assign it to the question class which has highest posterior probability  , i.e. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. In this section we consider the problem of search engine switching prediction in a search session. The only real difference is the way the cost of subplans are computed. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. If the CHECK condition is violated  , CHECK triggers re-optimization. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Almost all work in expert ranking so far primarily deals with only document and author nodes and the proposed models do not seem easily extendible when additional sources of information are available. Our work is unique in the following respects. The distribution is of the form The task demanded the users to search for a film  , available on a multilingual video cassette. Since most of the resources search engines generally search local content  , we use this API for each test query along with the search site option. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. An extremely-effective OOV term sj LRMIR 0 is the term whose semantics cannot be recovered well r1 0. As shown in Figure 5  , deletion of the SPORTS UTILITY concept in SO is propagated to BO resulting in new changes: the removal of the BICYCLE concept as the subconcept of the SPORTS UTILITY concept and the removal of the BICYCLE concept itself if the evolution strategy 19 requires the removal of the orphaned concepts. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. The presence of a cycle  , as already pointed out in Section 4.3  , could block in an irreversible way the evolution of the objects in the database. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. For this reason  , we discriminatively train our model to directly maximize the evaluation metric under consider- ation 14  , 15  , 25. Once a model is learned  , a common strategy for the application of personalization is to rerank the top-n results 3  , 9. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. According to the method mentioned above  , as a new session is loaded for training  , there are three steps to execute: 1. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. The path expression join can be observed through the author and wasBorn properties. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. is implemented as a rule-based system. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. , client-side JavaScript and server-side Java. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. In this section we formulate the value of a particular ad as a dynamic programming problem and use this formulation to derive the optimal bidding strategy for a particular ad. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. We consider that this is due to a better consideration of this query particular pattern. A multi-heuristic search method is proposed in 7  , that generates dynamic subgoals when the search is trapped in a local minimum. Thus the E-step remains the same. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Based on the kernel terms in initial query and the current search item  , a sub-query is constructed for a specific search focus. In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. Marking is done according to Definition 2. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. If the birds occur close together and in areas with similar rainfall  , this model is a good fit to the segment. ACM 978-1-59593-597-7/07/0007. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. A subsequent example will illustrate our approach. The bounding boxes contain a large fraction of " dead space "   , i.e. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. In addition  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q performs as good as NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity at all ranks. The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. Results on generating routes using an efficient form of dynamic programming are described in Section 5. The results fall within our expectations since this is our first TREC participation and we could devote only a minimal number of person-hours to the project. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. Portions of many different paths may therefore be explored before a solution path is finally found. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. In this implementation the robots initially search the environment to find goal B by random exploration. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. Its crawling strategy is based on the intuition that relevant pages on the topic likely contain links to other pages on the same topic. The alignments use dynamic programming and the Levenshtein edit distance as the cost. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. A UI design pattern describes a single unit of functionality delivered through a group of UI widgets 3. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. Marchionini proposed a boarder classification schema for search intents  , and introduced a concept of exploratory search 26. When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. Furthermore  , the result set from navigation is more likely to suggest relevant possible query reformulation terms along the way  , so that users can refine their own search queries and 'jump' closer before resuming navigation. This section describes the dynamic model of a skid-steered wheeled vehicle that was developed and experimentally verified in 8. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. py t |x t  indicates the observation model which is a likelihood function in essence. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. These two queries are very similar but mean for different things. In the past  , several researchers have addressed the problem of registering two images obtained from different viewpoints. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies   , namely migration and emulation. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. The databases are relatively small. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Probabilistic CLIR. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. We restrict our evaluation to top 10 documents in this paper. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. Previously this differential was constructed using similar folding techniques as the four-bars. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. a The transformation step :. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. The system scaffolds the creation of a transformation by automatically generating initial patterns from a textual selection in source code. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. For example  , some search engines categorize or cluster search results Figure 1 and some search engines display regular search results and sponsored links in different dynamic sections. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. groups QGI and QG2 is thnl  , when one relation is small  , the pipclincd ncstcd loops join methods perlorm much hcttcr than their scqucntial counterparts or any 01' the sor-t-mcrgc methods. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. For each picture in our ground truth  , we query the MIT popularity API 8   , a recently proposed framework that automatically predicts image popularity scores in terms of normalized view count score given visual cues  , such as colors and deep learning features Khosla  , Das Sarma  , and Hamid 2014. Applying the same fitting procedures described in Section VI-D to the torsion free case  , we first determined a tip error of 24.78 mm 54.32 mm maximum. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. However  , recent studies show that CLIR results can be better than monolingual retrieval results 24. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Rather than applying the concept to dynamic programming  , this paper applies the concept to experimental design. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. By using our compression scheme for the whole text  , direct search can be done over each block improving the search time by a factor of 8. Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. However  , only joint trajectories far from these limits will be considered for comparison purposes. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. Finally  , edges are inserted between all nodes of the visibility graph that have direct visibility and are assigned edge costs proportional to their Euclidean distances. Query expansion before or after automatic translation via MRD significantly reduces translation error. But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. Usually  , the overall popularity of a resource is used for ranking search results. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. Semantic Sequencing. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. An advantage of the PLSA approach over previous techniques is that it can be readily augmented to incorporate new sources of information. In general  , the initial first-and second-order statistics are estimated through global self-localization GSL. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. This is intuitive  , because the less information there is to explain user behavior each query occurred only once and no clicks were observed  , the more NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns to rely on ranks. Creative- Work " implies all schema.org children  , such as Book  , Map  , and MusicAlbum. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. We use the term " summaries " to imply a concise representation of path information as opposed to an enumerated listing of paths. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. We also use the gradient clipping technique 28  to alleviate the exploding gradient prob- lem 2 we set the value of the threshold = 1. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Whereas the vector space model used in the SMART system has an inherent relationship between term reweighing and query expansion  , the probabilistic model has no built-in provision for query expan- si~ although query expansion is known to be important. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. In experimental runs  , about thirty threads fetch a total of 5–10 pages a second   , a typical web page having 200-500 terms  , each term leading to a PROBE. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. We will call this type of reward function sparse. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. For example  , a pattern of a 'term' type is a set of unigrams that make up a phrase  , such as {support  , vector  , machine} or 'support vector machine' for simpler notation. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. Indirect means to solve the two point boundary values problems constituted by the necessary conditions of optimality. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. Here  , the likelihood function that we Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. Therefore  , we need to properly handle these bad documents Q&A pairs. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to consider the problem of refreshing result entries in search engine caches. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection. Next  , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. In practice the chance that a random document containing a false match would also match the rest of the user's query is very small. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. If the copy sent to the crawler contains more than a threshold of links that don't exist in the copy sent to the browser  , we mark it as a candidate and send it to the second step. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. 3illustrates the variation of the redundancy parameter as a function of the time for the three stationary solutions corresponding to z 1   , z 2 and z 3 and the optimal solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. It might be because of the sparsity of data  , no obvious dimensions are much more important than others  , and every word has some contribution in representing passages nominated for a topic. The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. To test the effectiveness of these various methods we used them in combination with a probabilistic retrieval incorporating inverse document frequency and within document frequency weights. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. For a terabyte of data  , 400 such sort-steps would be required  , for a sort-tune of approximately 90 ,ooO seconds about a day. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. With the same  , light load on a Spare IPC  , the speed of CONTIGUOUS is 35% of the speed of FCHAIN. Finally  , rather than acquiring bilateral word translations  , our focus lies on assigning subwords to interlingual semantic identifiers. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. It is applicable to arbitrary shapes: -It does not require curve fitting or matrix inversion -It does not require a Jacobian or silhouette image to generate error/correction terms. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. tweet data after query tweet time cutoff and external resource. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. Furthermore  , documents with high path lengths are more specialized and thus tend to use a more specialized vocabulary. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. As was discussed earlier  , in order use the model to generalize from labeled to unlabeled date e.g. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. Using simple pattern matching we extracted section headings and identified segments pertaining to different population and age groups. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. In 13 the different behaviors shown by static and dynamic friction models Dahl model in the rendering of the friction phenomena acting on the tendon-based driving system have been evaluated  , and the better physical resemblance of the Dahl friction model has been reported. Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. By selecting the desired design patterns  , the user is able to receive a report indicating the design patterns found  , and all the elements matching each participant role involved in the pattern. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. Evolutionary summarization approaches segment post streams into event chains and select tweets from various chains to generate a tweet summary; Nichols et al. In terms of implementation   , the only difference with respect to non-semantic retrieval is that one probability distribution is estimated per concept using all the images that contain the concept rather than per image. , the system has to maintain multiple versions of the potentially large dataset. Dictionaries with such a structure may be available  , 2 and Section 3.2 presents 1In monolingual retrieval  , automatic query expansion techniques seek to achieve a similar effect. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. Note that value iteration can be considered as a form of Dynamic Programming. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. 1 We evaluate two deep learning solutions for TSC: a standard CNN and a bespoke CNN for TSC. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. The modeler wants " all the data  , " but only for purposes of fitting and comparing models that help to explain the data. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. Representing the feature space of a topic with the proposed framework in the polar coordinate system enhances the standard Euclidean vector space representation in two main aspects: 1 by providing a strength of the relative semantic relevance of a feature to a topic; 2 by augmenting the possible orientations of such relevance to the topic. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost.  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. , code length  , respectively  , such that mp and mq may be different. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. Query expansion. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. Binding a name n is performed by a search in the environment stack for one or more binders n29. Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. In practice however  , this is almost always the case under any definition of exemplar quality. , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. Technical terms and proper names are often untranslatable due to the limited coverage of translation dictionaries. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. The random testing phase of hybrid concolic testing can enter garbage text into the buffer easily thus enabling the line deletion command. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. method to construct object query. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. In this paper  , we propose a site-level mirror maintenance strategy based on the historical evolution of the original Web site. The human-robot interactions lasted approximately 2 minutes and 20 seconds  , though the particular amount of time varied by how long the participant took to sort the block. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. These two facts  , taken together  , suggest that an improved foot for the water runner would be both elongated  , and have folding components. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. , the view mentioned in the user SQL query is replaced by its definition . We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. To the best of our knowledge  , the majority of previous works aim either at building a search model per user or at building common search models for users with similar search interests. The estimated values were: 60 Allele  , 40 Expression  , 25 Gene Ontology and 25 Tumor. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. As a dynamic weaklytyped language  , JavaScript is easy to understand and write with minimal programming experience. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. BSW97  presents an approach for bulk-loading multi-dimensional index structures  , e.g. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world  , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. In Section 2.1  , we study the tag-tag text similarity matrix by Latent Semantic Indexing 1 on tag occurrence. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In Figure 5b  , we also see that the topic propagates smoothly between adjacent states. , search engine company  , we assume access to vertical querylogs . All of these approaches fail for programs that include looping behaviors that do not fit their limited scope. This definition is similar to the edit distance for strings and the dynamic time warping DTW in speech recognition  , see 16 for an overview. Instead  , for technical reasons  , we define the semantics of an ODX ECU-VARIANT directly as a pair of regular grammars G A  ,G C  generating sets A and C. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. , at high cumulative probability thresholds that Darwish and Oard reported 4. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. In the following section  , we will describe two techniques that we have introduced to minimize the number of these instructions. Decentralized Search. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . For example  , the result images of " fruit " and " fly " queries can be clustered by visual objects e.g. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. Resolution strategies are developed as a method of " finding " a consistent ontology that meets the needs of the ontology engineer. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. Different people may use the shared machine at different times  , but to a remote observer all activity is associated with a single identifier  , and people's search behaviors will be intertwined in search logs. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. the TDT-1 collection: real love in the context of family life as opposed to staged love in the sense of Hollywood". The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. When the call returns an object  , the comparison may in turn require a recursive check for the observational equivalence of the returned objects. In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. The performance function Pn is approximated as Pn = ag + UJ n + a2 n2 see figure 4Based on recent measurement pairs P ,n the coefficients ai are estimated using a recursive least-square estimator with exponentially fading memory Young  , 19841. remains unsolved. In our TREC participation  , we used an ensemble approach in query expansion. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. If the keyword query is empty  , then it is called " query-less. " Overall  , our findings demonstrate that the parameterized query expansion is an effective and flexible framework that can seamlessly incorporate multiple concept types. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. As a result of her actions  , an alert is also sent to the owner of the reading list  , informing that Shaelyn copied items from it. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. Figure 15: Estimated and observed merge time for skewed input when using 3MB of memory for buffers. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. With both the pool based and random walk samplers  , " little or no " bias was seen due to document size  , and no " significant bias " due to the static document rank used by their search sytem. Considering Fig. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. In our future work  , we will compare Random Forest to simpler classifiers. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. , for subsequent human translation to also support information use e.g. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. As proper names and technical terms are very important in many information retrieval queries  , for dictionary-based CLIR between Japanese and English  , it is imperative that foreign words be properly transliterated into and out of katakana. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. V for more detail on the database. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Several previous studies have proposed strategies for estimating retrieval costs 7  , 25. The primitives are learned using a modified version of the evolution strategy  , which allows us to deal with the noise normally present in tasks involving complex interactions between a robot and its environment. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . time criteria. under the constraint that IIa~11~ = 1. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. In contrast to programming  , efficiency is not a major concern  , but security and provability have to be emphasized  , even at the cost of flexibility. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. The NN plan using naive pointer chasing both for Map lookup and dereferencing S does not even show up in the plot due to its run time of 6'20 hours for 1 MB to 4' 10 hours for a 6 MB buffer. We used a Perl expression to find all links on a page  , with a regular expression that matched <a href= .. /a>. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. If c&h corresponds to the actual costs for evaluating the operations of the first set and costj is a close lower bound of the future costs  , A* search guarantees to find an optimal QEP efficiently. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. MRFs were also used  , for example  , for query expansion  , passage-based document retrieval  , and weighted concept expansion 27. The key is a triple pattern fragment where the predicate is a constant and the value is the set of triples that matches the fragment 16. Spatial ability was measured by the Paper Folding tests and Stumpf's Cube Perspectives Test. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. Each participant was asked to complete all of the 12 search tasks in a random order. Query expansion still offers potential for improvements. In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. These subjects were asked to perform a search for documents within a subject area of their own choosing. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. Although the precision decreased by several percent  , especially in the middle ranges in recall  , the combined optimization speeded retrieval by a factor of 10. These URIs are then utilized to build archive profiles. The same results are also used to highlight the advantages of bushy execution trees over more restricted tree shapes. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. With L = W   , we can have: At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. We have evaluated the quality of six different topic models ; since the human coding results were obtained as part of a case study for mining ethnic-related content  , two models work specifically with ethnonyms  , but in each case the assessors simply evaluated top words in every topic: We have trained all models with T = 400 topics  , a number chosen by training pLSA models with 100  , 300  , and 400 topics and evaluating the results. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. Of these  , the majority of subjects expected that clicking on a vertical tab would display a specific type of search result. , closed itemsets  , we seek to select k itemsets whose segments cover the numerical data with as well-fitting models as possible. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. The descriptor is typically a single word or phrase that is compared  , using string comparison   , to the label. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. In this paper  , we propose a novel objective function in the graph regularization framework to exploit the annotations on the edges. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. As independent input variables  , we provided single-vote averages and covered range  , both appearing as first-order and second-order polynomials  , i.e. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. However  , the TVRC framework is flexible enough that it can be used with other statistical relational models e.g. Table 5shows the MAP results using translated queries for search. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. First of all  , good answers phrased in unfamiliar terms may not be covered by the regular expressions. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . where the conflict rate is most significant. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. Similar to before  , users were asked to give a rating of the usefulness of each search result on a 5-point Likert scale. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. * ?i. to a more specialized search engine. It propagates the reward backward only one step. English  , Chinese yeari = paperi's year of publication meshi = set of mesh terms in the paperi The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. This effectively maps the low-dimensional force vector F from the workspace into the high-dimensional joint space of the manipulator. refSch := "$ref": "# JPointer" Table 2: Grammar for JSON Schema Documents strSch := "type": "string"   , strRes  * strRes := minLength | maxLength | pattern minLength := "minLength": n maxLength := "maxLength": n pattern := "pattern": "regExp"  represent any possible JSON document and regExp to represent any regular expression. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. Microblog search is a special kind of text search. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. We then build a new query  , comprising the terms from the original query  , plus the expansion terms for the selected question type. Faceted Search or Faceted Browsing is increasingly used in search applications  , and many websites already feature some sort of faceted search to improve the precision of their website search results. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. This is equivalen t to the expression EnterPassword seq BadPassword. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. However  , they assume that the features depend only on the input sequence and are independent of the output tag sequence. 10 proposed a machine learning based method to conduct extraction from research papers. Second  , the query expansion for tie-breaking is worse than other method probably caused by the limitation of tie-breaking method  , which assumes that every query term is important and may not perform well for long queries. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. Imagine that we might have chosen W with size of K = 1  , and the query Q is within r of all k candidates. Often those search keys that have only one or two translations are the most important words of a request and  , vice versa  , those keys that have many translations are unimportant words. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. The TOMS can map between the two branches  , however  , and find which lines a sentence spansboth  , and gives the administrator an ID that must be used as a unique key to identify the document in all future interactions. We illustrate the effectiveness of this approach using the first six TREC 2003 Web Track topic distillation topics taking the first six to avoid cherry-picking queries for which our method works best. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. The two are related quantities with different focuses. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. , Chinese. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. Overall  , the control flow results of Pin-based profiling are very similar to those from the simulator. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. Thus planning  ,of graspless manipulation is transformed into finding a path in this C-Space. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. Abraham Ittycheriah applied Machine Translation ideas to the Q/A 3. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. In this section we propose additional techniques for exploiting the sort order of correlation bindings by retaining the state of the inner query execution across multiple bindings of the correlation variables. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Second  , we explore how ensemble selection behaves with varying amounts of training data available for the critical forward selection step. Experimental results indicate that the model is able to achieve performance that is competitive with current state-of-the-art retrieval approaches. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. , " brazil world cup " . Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. 5 Obviously  , δ 2 Q obs   , X obs  is a real value for given X rv   , while δ 2 Q mis   , X mis  is a random variable depending on the imputation method. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. In reality  , the hopper may be able to store substantial additional energy due to its horizontal motion. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . Queries were automatically formed from the title and description elds  , and we automatically performed limited stop structure removal based on a list of typical stop structure observed in earlier TREC queries e.g. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. In theory  , this conversion may generate a DNF with exponentially many clauses. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . Systems return docids for document search. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. In the following the online gradient rule with learning rate η IP and desired mean activity µ is shown: Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. We proposed several methods to solve this problem  , including summarization-based methods such as MEAD and MEAD-SIM and probabilistic retrieval methods such as Specifications Generation model  , Review and Specifications Generation model  , and Translation model. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. The 10 components giving the best coverage of motif occurrences in the human upstream regions found by each method have been presented here. This leaves the whole question of the effectiveness of query expansion unresolved. The robot is driven by selecting commands on the ASPICE GUIs; a mouse is used as input device. The label matching operation is then incorporated into an Match operation to match a path regular expression to paths in the semistructure. The good performance of hill climbing motivates the current work  , since fast search for sub-optimal solutions is the only way to deal with the vast amounts of multimedia information in several applications. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. Observe that the minimum staleness level achievable on the random data set is much higher than on the high-quality data set. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. , ligand docking 4  , 181  , protein folding 19 ,20. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. , 2010. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. Based on the rationale of curve-fitting models  , various alternatives to the DPM approach have been proposed and investigated 14  , 15  , 181  , but so far no superior model was reported. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. This is due to their fixed topology on the latent data space or to bad initialization 8. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. Users of search systems in the biomedical domain differ in their searching behavior depending on their prior familiarity with a search topic. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Although this simple method cannot detect all search fields some custom search fields use POST to submit terms  , all major search engines are supported. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Recall that ROOTS is the set of edges from ²ÖÓÓØ to roots in the semistructure. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. , the representations for the English word school and the Spanish word escuela should be very similar.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. , statistical charts. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. For each candidate object  , ObjectIdentifier evaluates patterns comprising features in portions of the web page that are pertinent to the candidate object. These functionalities are known as the basis for Ajax-style programming 12 and are widely available in popular browser implementations such as Mozilla Firefox  , Microsoft Internet Explorer  , Opera  , Apple Safari  , and Google Chrome. 3 or Eqn. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? 3. An ARX application is a dynamic link library DLL that shares AutoCAD's address space and makes direct function calls to AutoCAD. To make the subjects carefully examine each restaurant instance  , we asked subjects to find a couple of restaurants they wanted to visit. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. Although operators must still design a survey template  , they are freed from the responsibility of specifying a survey location. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. Thus  , a recurrence relation can be established as GA is a search procedure that uses random choices 8 a guide tool through a coding in the parameter space 9-131. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation We investigate query translation based CLIR here. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Following TREC-8  , the venue for European-language retrieval evaluation moved to Europe with the creation of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF  , first held in Lisbon in September 2000 1. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . After training  , the learned w and the resulting test statistic δ w q ,C ,C  will be applied to new pairs of retrieval functions h test   , h test  of yet unkown relative retrieval quality. Thus any remaining rows from the other side will never be asked for  , and hence are not seen or counted by the monitor. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. sen by an expert panel as search queries; 2 collecting the random sample without specified search terms and extracting appropriate data 2; 3 collecting from specific users that are known to be contributing to the debate 3. In particular  , we 1 revise the definition of previously identified matching degrees and use these to differentiate the usability of a Web service on the goal template level  , 2 present a novel approach for semantic matchmaking on the goal instance level  , and 3 finally integrate the matchmaking techniques for the goal template and the goal instance level. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? All runs did not use phrases  , and query expansion. In contrast  , opt nttcmpts to minimize cost by merging as few runs in the first step as possible without increasing the number of merge steps. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. We start with the performance of LapPLSA using single resources. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query  , in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. This use of skeletal procedures has been used in LAMA lo and AUTOPASS 8 unlike those systems  , we do not simulate the proposed operations to assess their likelihood of success. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. However  , Facebook Graph Search does not provide any travel search feature. These test beds comprise different media; however  , since the focus of most the projects spawning off the test beds was on technological aspects  , users and usage as well as the content play a minor role in most of these test beds. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Therefore   , in this exploratory study we compare two search interfaces; one where the facets panel is always visible and one where the facets panel is collapsible and thus hidden by default. The sequence length here is that the average number of iterations per calculation is indeed quite close to 1. Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. However  , emphasizing the query during reranking does not appear to be necessary. When there is enough memory to merge all remaining runs in one step  , the sort allo cates enough space  , and goes to the last merge step right away. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. This is what enables DIR to detect the equilibrium when pb = 1 ≤ 1 2 . Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. When the user touches a document on the desk the system detects the touch via the thermo-camera and then the upper layer document is virtually transparentized by projection. x ≡ q ∈ IR 27  The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. 3 and to map text information into DVs for social information related music dimensions 13  , a supervised learning based scheme  , called CompositeMap  , is developed to generate a new feature space. When we only apply query expansion in queries of GTT 2  , 3  , 4  , and 5  , our system achieves the best MAP. An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. In contrast to C++ or Smalltalk based OODBs  , its object model is a binary standard  , not a language API  , and is very strongly interface-based  , rather than class-based. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. For instance  , in the following case. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. ==>for$nin$sec0return typeswitch $nas$x caseSectionreturns1'children$x defaultreturn For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. , a query issued to a search engine  , and proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. run quicksort for each user. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. Our motivation for and usage of query expansion greatly differs from this previous work  , however. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. Meng et al. More intelligently targeted expansion   , such as expansion limited to specific concept categories  , would likely have been more successful. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. Unique angles in TREC-6 include document translation based CLIR 19  explored by the University of Maryland using the LO- GOS system. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . We also express the model constraints in a coordinate invariant form as pairwise relations between primitives. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. forest-fire with random seeds seem to perform well for themes that are of global importance  , such as 'Social Issues' that subsumes topics like '#BeatCancer'  , 'Swine Flu'  , '#Stoptheviolence' and 'Unemployment'. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. We remove repeated occurrences of the same input vector and assign the most common label for this input vector to the occurrence that we leave in the training set. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. Quasistatic simulation results are illustrated by employing a three-fingered hand manipulating a sphere to verify the validity of the proposed low-level planning strategy. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset.  Query execution. The alignments are then used for building a cross-language information retrieval system  , and the results of this system using the TREC-6 CLIR data are given. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. Recently  , some search engines started showing related search keywords in the bottom of the result page. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. Then  , the A' search could possibly degenerate to an almost exhaustive search which leads to unacceptable optimization times. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. In the Web community there is lots of discussion about organic and sponsored search. Furthermore  , it provides the aforementioned local shape representation. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. in the solution. The solution methodoIogy is presented next. To further mitigate the negative effect of mistranslated query terms  , many researchers have employed query expansion techniques. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. Computationally  , the E-step boils down to computing the conditional distribution of the hidden variables given the data and Ψn. In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. The an* expresses all sequences that have exactly one ui. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. To overcome this limitation  , Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14 maps each query term into document fields using probabilistic classification based on collection statistics. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. by embedding meta data with RDFa. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. It incorporates the developed strategy of predation in an attempt to improve system performance. Also  , as a result of the rich support on the Search Friend II interface  , these higher-level search activities were also exhibited on the known-item search tasks. When it receives the request for a sort  , it sends the request to all data sites and merge sites. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. Then a search mission is a sequence of consecutive searches  , such that a query of a search shares at least one non-stopword with any previous query within the search mission. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. A query is expanded using words or phrases with similar meanings to increase the chance of retrieving more relevant documents 14. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. Most IR queries are quite short  , i.e. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. Hence  , the number of non-zero translation probabilities in q is no more than the total number of translations provided by the bilingual dictionary for the query words  , which is usually much smaller than the product m s m t . if we are linding shortest distance between points that are farther apgt the effort ratio will be considerably less than 1 and there would be substantial speed UP- Thus  , the ratio of effort in tinding shortest distance between two points p r and p  ? These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. 2 is minimized. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. The results will show which values of the likelihood function correspond to valid interval estimates and which do not. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. of the window for each attribute was a random fraction of the domain range for that attribute. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. Our accuracy requirements are much less because the mari0nette.k gesturing in free space rather than precisely positioning an object. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. HaskellDB is also similar to the language extensions mentioned above and therefore lacks support for dynamic SQL statements. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. The use of the special dictionary and the general dictionary in query translation and structuring of queries are highly effective methods to improve the CLIR performance. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set  , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection   , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. This overhead is significant even though most of the index pages above the leaf level are cached in memory. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. The capability t o guarantee that a point in the workspace is reachable in any orientation despite joint limits is unique t o this work. A formalism regular expressions for tagged text  , RETT for developing such rules was created. TableSeer offers two levels of searches: basic search and advanced search. The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. The queries were drawn from the logs uniformly at random by token without replacement  , resulting in a query sample representative of the overall query distribution.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. In this section we present experimental results. Definition 3. A hundred trees were learnt in MLRF's random forest for each data set. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. Darwish later extended Kwok's formulation to handle the case in which translation probabilities are available by weighting the TF and DF computations  , an approach he called probabilistic structured queries PSQ 4 It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Each iteration of AO* search is composed of two parts. There are nonredundant questions in top-5 positions of the re-ranked list. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. That is  , we choose 0.1 K+1 One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. In both cases  , such features cause over-fitting in the prediction. However  , we propose a learning method to maximize Click-through-Rate CTR for impressions. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. Figure 1: Zero-shot image tagging by hierarchical semantic embedding. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. These English terms were potential queries in the Chinese log that needed correct cross-language translations. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? They use a probabilistic retrieval model which assumes that the user generates the query from an ideal internal representation of a relevant document. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. We provided empirical evalution on two real-world relational datasets  , but the models we propose can be used for classification tasks in any relational domain due to their simplicity and generality. Here the summary includes the search title  , snippets and URL. Evaluations on Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR  , which consists of retrieving documents written in one language using queries written in another language  , is another interest. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. As explained in Section 4.1  , the domainspecific query expansion will add  , in mean  , 10 new terms to each query. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. In particular  , we have conducted an experiment in which the subjects were asked to submit a number of random as well as predefined queries to the search engine of a digital library of teaching material through our prototype application . Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching.  Neural Responding Machine. As a component of a long term project minifactory'  5   which is focused on the development of modular robotic components and tools to support the rapid deployment and programming of high-precision assembly systems  , the work presented here targets the most  basic levels of a modular control and coordination architecture which is central to the larger project. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. In addition  , a global search technique is also supported. The first approach is called as entity-centric query expansion  , in which we integrate the related entities into the original query model to perform query expansion. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . This value is the effect of the system used during the search  , plus random error. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. However  , best-first search also has some problems. For example  , consider the likelihood of a user utilizing the tags shown in Table 2  , a small random sample of tags that only occur once in our data sample  , in order to browse or search for content. With the negative log marginal given in equation 15  , learning becomes an optimization problem with the optimization variables being the set {X  , X bias   , θ  , σ}. Clearly  , the samples produced by QBS are far from random . While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. Our evaluation results show that the triple translation is more precise than the word-by-word translation with the co-occurrence model. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. The relative hand positions with respect to the face are computed. Successors of a node are generated in a random manner until a successor is found that has a better heuristic value than the current configuration. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. The details will be presented in Section 4. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. The second and third query versions Q' The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play  , with objects as actors. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. Thus  , in this section  , we briefly review the literature and compare our approach with related literature. This application was built using the C programming language. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. Time-dependent synonyms will be used for a temporal search  , or a search taking into account a temporal dimension  , i.e. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . In the second case  , the convergence to the cyclic motion is forced and the conditions on the CoP evolution are relaxed  , as a consequence  , the performance of the control law is improved with respect to its stability. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. This situation is very similar to some cases observed in TREC5&6  , where we encountered the terms such as " most-favor nation "  In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. In the original model  , the occurrence of the loop can then be replaced by a simple call to this recursive function instead . IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. The power of topic modeling is that it allows users to access records across the institutional boundaries of individual repositories; in Table 5the top ten records come from five different repositories. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. With reduced dimensions  , the generalization ability can be improved. We envision three lines of future research. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. A* search is one of the most popular methods for this problem 1. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. In this graph  , we extracted 28 ,013 publications' text  , including titles  , abstracts  , and full text. But finding the document and extracting it remains at least as difficult as interpreting the document file's original bitstream. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. They also make the agorithms more difficult to explain. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. Second  , students' online activities were logged. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. In the evenings and on weekends people may more typically pursue other interests  , bringing them into situations with higher risk of injury and of placing additional strain on their bodies—and creating opportunity for unforeseen accidents. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. That is  , the single quadratic function of 16 is considered to be minimized when |z i − dN i | ≤ β. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. In this ar-ticle  , we present a novel demo Search Engine with dynamically established live Chat Channels SECC. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. A number of studies have indicated the potential usefulness of alternative search strategies. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. kgenArgS 12. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. CN2 consists of two main procedures: the search procedure that performs beam search in order to find a single rule and the control procedure that repeatedly executes the search. Along the two directions of term diagnosis and expansion  , prior research has focused on identifying synonyms of query terms  , i.e. To identify them  , we compute the Shannon entropy from the vector of the smell frequencies < f S  ,t > S for each month t. We find that the least distinctive month is January  , while the most distinctive ones are March  , April  , and May. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. We performed a temporal search by submitting a temporal query to the news archive search engine http://www.newslibrary.com. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. E T F E includin the recursive least square is known as Time-varying k a n s f e r Function Estimator TTFE 18. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. Refer to Section 3. For the Technology Survey task  , we use phrase expansion method and query expansion method to generate our query  , and use Query-likelihood model  , DFR model and D-smoothing method to do retrieve. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. they is not limited to a specific search engine or search method. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: we present our training and testing data in Section 2  , and our weighting criteria in Section 3. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. These criteria are: The middle part of the screen displays the search result. In comparison  , our work focuses specifically on task-oriented search  , and ignores other types of search such as browsing different attributes of an object  , which allows us to take the advantage of existing procedural knowledge to more reliably support search tasks when compared to the use of general search logs. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. This mapping has two main advantages. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. We observe that storage systems typically perform redundancy elimination in a manner that is completely transparent to the higher levels  , and our indexing approach would thus have to be implemented at the lower levels for best performance. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. These clauses are well-defined provided the negation operator is not used in front of recursive predicates. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. SVC is designed to make it easy and natural to express shape queries. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. We evaluate our model in two search tasks to demonstrate its effectiveness for search intent prediction: 1 query prediction aims to predict what a user is going to search i.e. Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Similar to other CLIR papers  , " source language " refers to the language of queries  , and " target language " refers to the language of documents. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. where w denotes the combination weight vector. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. In these methods  , all the questions that a user accesses are treated as one document. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. These results indicate that a great deal of bandwidth can be saved depending on user search preferences. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , by human experts may not be consistent with actual queries used by users  , which may affect the search quality for the search engine. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. In this paper  , we employ a new Q-learning method  , termed DFQL  , to facilitate real-time dynamic learning and control of mobile robots. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. In 8   , Li et al. The last two rows are search log based term features for industry dataset  , which calculate the probability of e in similar queries and their clicked documents. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 13 . Collingbourne et al. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " On the other hand  , BaySail is able to provide full distributional information  , which avoids these problems. One of the receive transitions is chosen nondeterministically and the associated incoming message is returned. Sort-merge duplicate elimination also divides the input relation  , but uses physical memory loads as the units of division. Now if the new advertiser places a bid of z  , then the probability the advertiser wins the auction is F z  , in which case the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period is E˜θE˜θ k+1  The value of the dynamic programming problem that arises from placing the optimal bid z in the current period  , V k x ˜ θ k   , k  , is equal to the immediate reward from bidding z or the negative of the loss function that arises in the current period plus δ times the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. There was a strong negative correlation between the intersearcher term-consistency and the number of search terms per search request rs = -0.663; p = 0.0002 and also between the term-consistency and the number of search terms per search concept rs = -0.728; p = 0.0001. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph  , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. Since synonym expansion relied on multiple sources  , duplicates in the enlarged query were removed. The search box and button  , allowing the user to enter a textual query and start a search 3. The initial inter-beat length is estimated by taking the autocorrelation over the detected onsets. We prepare the training data and devise a classifier using a support vector machine based on features such as keywords in a tweet  , the number of words  , and the context of target-event words. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. To increase the recall of the information retrieval tasks  , ONKI Selector performs query expansion by ontological inference. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. An element definition specifies a pair consisting of an element name and a constraint. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. We compute the values as follows: The first is how to utilize initial expert knowledge for a better and faster search routine. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. Figure 4shows an example. Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. While these metrics provide a good estimate of the quality of the search results  , and in turn have been shown to correspond to search effectiveness of users  , these do not take into account the search success of a specific user for a session. An RGB likelihood function is applied to weigh the probability of samples belonging to the hand. Characterizing predictability. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. A key component of the retrieval model is probabilistic translation from terms in a document to terms in a query. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. In our experiments  , after computing the metrics per user  , we averaged the results over all users and reported the results for Mean Average Precision@k MAP@k and Mean NDCG@k. We varied k from 1 to 10 as this is usually the size of a recommendation list fitting a device's screen. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. In this section it is assumed that only weak information  , such as a velocity bound  , is known regarding the target. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Taily's effectiveness was en par with the best-measured effectiveness of Rank-S with P = 0.02 and P = 0.04. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. Support vector machine was used to learn from the artificially enlarged training documents. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. When applying a table search query  , end-users will receive a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results from them. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. The examples of keyphrases extracted by SEERLAB system are shown in Table 1. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. Dynamic programming. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Given the fact that arbitrary baselines can take any form  , it is thus impossible to model them with polynomials or splines. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. The run InexpC2QE applies In expC2 and a query expansion methodology for all the queries. A search set is the set of document records found at evaluation of a search expression. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Past studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Oard  , 1998; Ballesteros and Croft  , 1998. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. A search field above the results panel is used to perform keyword searches. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. A randomized search strategy builds one or more stud solutions and tries to improve them by applying random transformations . The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19. We denote with θ the learning parameters of the function Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. looking for the synonyms of the query words. , search queries and corresponding search results to users' mobile devices to enable a realtime search experience at a lower cost for the datacenter. One way of increasing recall is to perform query expansion. On the other hand  , LSTM-based methods LSTM-only and LSTM-DSSM failed to outperform  the DSSM model  , which indicates that ignoring the longterm user interests may not lead to optimal performance. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. It is typical in the biological or chemical domains  , to have interesting patterns that contain holes  , i.e. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. We propose a new  , probabilistic model for combining the ranked lists of documents obtained by any number of query retrieval systems in response to a given query. However  , MAP of the best PSQ was just about 82% Chinese CLIR with 19% relative improvement  , achieving cross-language MAP comparable to monolingual baselines in both cases. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . The MCMC technique iteratively produces successive samples containing border points from the previously identified borders. One writes analyzers essentially by programming in a full pro- gramming language; no guarantees can be made about the complexity of analyzers written in ARL  , or VTP. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . " As we will show in our experiments  , it is worth using this additional space-overhead  , since it significantly improves the performance of XML twig pattern matching. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. This indicates that the folding approach benefits from its strong mechanism to automatically and dynamically select a proper number of clusters. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. A downside of this simulation is that we do not know exactly how much time and effort the user has spent on each expansion term. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Learning. In total  , 14 Stacked Features were added 7 aggregates each  , which were applied to the top k in-links and out-links separately. For the time being  , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. Bridges hold object faces together during fabrication and reduce the number of release cuts required. We now have a better idea about the distribution of the output; this reduction of uncertainty has given us information. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. S! " We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. We therefore explored one of the several possible sources of statistical evidence for synonymy. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. This is due to the start-up costs associated with the segmentation and could be reduced even further with improvements to the PREDATOR optimizer. Caching has long been studied and recognized as an effective way to improve performance in a variety of environments and at all levels of abstraction  , including operating system kernels  , file systems  , memory subsystems  , databases  , interpreted programming languages  , and server daemons. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. The schema designer can override the default database transformations by explicitly associating user-defined conversion functions to the class just after its change in the schema. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. pressive language. Thus  , Merge is always preceded in a Postgres plan by Sort being applied to both the left and right subplans  , except when an input to Merge is a result of an index scan. We develop a new query expansion mechanism based on fields. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. Finally  , in Section 5  , we summarize our work. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. planner. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. Thus  , they can be immediately used for efficient ad selection from a very large corpus of ads. In TREC-9 we only participated in the English-Chinese cross-language information retrieval CLIR track. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. The above equation does not include joint friction. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. In this paper  , we simultaneously address grasp prediction and retrieval of latent global object properties. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. The role of B-Recogniser can be realised by both domain-tailored  , and domaintrained services. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. This could be due to poor quality of search ads  , or to availability of more promising organic search results. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. , <formula>  Table 1summarizes the results. hill there may exist a better solution. To reduce the amount of " noise " from pages unrelated to the active search task that may pollute our data we introduced some termination activities that we used to determine the end-points of search trails: Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. In this paper   , we describe a query parser between ASR and Search. wik means the number of points that located in the k-th bin. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. His results not only showed that imputing missing likert data using the k-nearest neighbour method was feasible they showed that the outcome of the imputation depends on the number of complete instances more than the proportion of missing data. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. Then we give an overview of how a query is executed; this naturally leads to hub selection and query optimization issues. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. For example  , HERALD provides a hypotlietical join function join-when  , that evaluates the expression join < cond >  , R when D  , S when D. Given a page  , the task is to predict a ranked list of SearchTrigger queries that a random user may want to issue after reading the page  , based on historical user browsing behavior data. However  , it is intuitively clear that any search routine could converge faster if starting points are good solutions. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. The selected edges represent discontinuities in color and lie inside of a planar surface to avoid errors caused by edges at the boundary between two surfaces. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. 111 assessed query expansion using the UMLS Metathesaurus. To reiterate the key contributions of this work are: First  , we propose two new sequence representations for labeled rooted trees that are more concise and space-efficient when compared with other sequencing methods. When a temporal constraint is empty  , ordering will be implied by the actual position of the associated predicate in the query sequence. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. Each Chinese query was segmented into words using the segmenters as described above  , the Chinese stop words were then removed from each Chinese query. These experiences can then lead the robot to explore interesting areas in the solution space rather than randomly searching without any experiences at the early stage of learning. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. For a given temperature rise  , free strain recovery of SMA wire can be calculated using Brinson's one dimensional constitutive model In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. ZAZM: The particular model form with best BIC fit is the ZAZM Zero-Adjusted Zipf-Mandelbrot model for both datasets. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Each new map is obtained by executing two steps: an E-step  , where the expectations of the unknown correspondences Ecij and Eci , are calculated for the n-th map eln  , and an M-step  , where a new maxinium likelihood map is computed under these ex- pectations. Many participating research teams reported results for word-only indexing  , making that condition useful as a baseline. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. Thus  , when we come to mapping the root location  , we only consider configurations meeting the constraint. One class of approaches focuses on extracting knowledge structures automatically from text corpora. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly.  Body-part names. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. In section 2  , we introduce briefly our work on finding the best indexing unit for Chinese IR. 13 for query q. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. According to this construction when we compute this average  , the precision of a document visited k times will contribute to the mean with a k/n weight. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. After retrieval with the baseline system of section 2.2  , we experiment with two versions of Wikipedia-based query expansion. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. These results indicate that query expansion with rsui works well for Japanese text. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. We leave for future work the bias-variance decomposition of the log-likelihood loss as in 8. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. The paper is arranged as follows. Stereo images at different pan and tilt angles were captured. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Section 5 concludes this work. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. , nested loops  , sort-merge. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. , Google image search  , Microsoft Bing image search  , and Yahoo! The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. in these strings. For instance  , the regular expression ^Jjan uary ? Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. The methodology for gathering the criteria uses two instruments  , a free search based on some example tasks and a questionnaire. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. The columns in the tables show enumeration  , mapping  , and total optimization times  , estimated execution co&! Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. 7. , 64 to 85 in figure 1. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. Second  , rather than expanding using documents directly query → documents → expanded query  , we expand using the search results of related queries query → related queries → documents → expanded query. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. , pixel addition that will eventually be expressed in terms of atomic operators e.g. 8. Second  , we wanted to prevent over-fitting of the field defect prediction adjustment model i.e. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. The second author then revealed the actual changes and the black-box testing results. Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Recursive navigation. The first is a hand detector using depth images  , that provides a single value hand estimate with high precision but lower speed. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. Query forms. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. Obviously with 900 megabytes or more of buffer pool space  , a DBMS will keep large portions of data base objects in main memory. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. The search consists of two phases  , where in the first phase m paths are planned in the joint subspaces using a local search method. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. Let g i be the guard obtained from g i by replacing every parameter of lib by the corresponding argument passed to it at c. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Our experiments on six standard TREC collections indicate the effectiveness of our dependence model: It outperforms substantially over both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the state-of-the-art unigram and bigram language models. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. Note that assembly language may also be employed to produce optimized code at higher levels. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is , q = 2t 2 + cos4tπ − 1 is generated. In order to discover and query objects in the digital repository through the Tufts Digital Library generic search application was developed that provides two initial levels of searching capabilities: a "basic search"  , and an "advanced search." Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. The 3D Tractus height is being tracked using a simple sensor and the stylus surface position is tracked through a tablet PC or any other touch sensitive surface interface 5. Therefore  , this year  , we aim to have a refined query expansion by using more fine grained data. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. In all scenes  , the policies are learned incrementally and efficiently. These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. Nallapati et al. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. , two black-white images contain smiling and sad faces respectively. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. First  , we need a basic assumption of what the distributions will look like. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. The segment results of each individual index probe are sorted  , first by protein id and then by start position  , and written to separate files. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. It is also observed that the proposed PLM not only outperforms the general document language model  , but also outperforms the regular sliding-window passage retrieval method and a state-of-theart proximity-based retrieval model. In Section 8  , we make a detailed comparison with our proposal. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. Our framework is based upon examining the data in time slices to account for the decayed influence of an ad and we use stochastic gradient descent for optimization . Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. We cannot answer these questions easily by inspecting the stack trace and source code. Variations of the approach can be applied to many other applications such as social search and blog search. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. One solution is search engines like Google  , which make it easy to find papers by author  , title  , or keyword. However  , the performance of our query expansion technique UMassBlog4 is somewhat disappointing. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. τ1  , the number of best renderers retrieved at the first iteration: {5} ∪ {10  , 20  , ..  , 100} ∪ {200  , 300  , 400  , 500}. , mouse movements. However  , estimating from one single document is unreliable due to small data samples. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. ing e.g. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. We  , observe that the learning strategy is able to find significantly better than random gaits for the different robots. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. The the main idea is to start checking the constraint since the reading of the input database  , producing for each sequence in the database  , all and only the valid w.r.t. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as However  , as query expansion aims to retrieve this set of documents  , they form the best evidence on the utility of expansion terms. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. Section 5 outlines the test data. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. In the following subsections  , we will briefly describe a probability model to fit the observed data. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. The robot tries to find a good action by Evolution StrategylO in which the action is coded as a gene. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. OOV word translation is a major knowledge bottleneck for query translation and CLIR. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. If speed is paid too much attention  , GA might be trapped in local minimal. With such a mechanism in place  , in the case of the 2012 U. S. presidential elections Figure 1  , 30% of users' queries could be instantly served locally e.g. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. The query expansion techniques 16  endeavour to automatically provide additional information to the query that will help to obtain better search results. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. Instead of specifying the full behavior of the system  , each property may focus on one particular aspect of system behavior. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. In contrast  , implementations on PLSA discuss 50 ,000 by 8 ,000 term-doc matrices  , and execute in about half an hour1. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. The reason is that web pages linked by hyperlinks are very likely to aim at accomplishing different tasks. where   , | |-is the substring of from position π. Pos to | |. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. ueu Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. We used 25 top-ranked documents retrieved in the UWATbaseTD run for selecting query expansion units. The dynamics that these elements define can be modeled by game theory 8 which proposes results based on a solid economical background to understand the actions taken by agents when maximizing their benefit in non-cooperative environments . There is a very good fit between the sequence of actual positions of the instrument tip and the theoretical values. Publication rights licensed to ACM. For example  , in our data it was shown that conservatives preferred writing " Barrack Hussein Obama " over the liberal " Obama " . The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . The definition of modules which themselves contain other modules is a useful construct m traditional programming languages and seems appropriate here. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. In fact  , f describes quantitatively the goal of prioritization  , such as increasing The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. We first formally define the behavior of a non-malicious and a malicious node in the system using the game theory approach 5. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. The focus is on the mission programming level for robotic systems operating in a dynamic environment. Building on prior research in federated search  , we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. Our systems have several parameters.