QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. Our tests showed 1 that style information such as font size is suitable in many cases to extract titles from PDF files in our experiment in 77.9%. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . The collection being searched is a combination of both German SDA and NZZ  , and therefore a superset of the one that was aligned to English AP or French SDA. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. The results have shown that the use of domain-specific resources for enriching the document representation and for performing a semantic expansion of queries is a suitable approach for improving the effectiveness of CLIR systems. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. First  , users can calculate the whole Skycube in one concise and semantic-clear query  , instead of issuing 2 d − 1 skyline queries. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. ABET also comes with a library of commonly used transformations  , e.g. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. This paper has focused on the I4 project's sKDD subsystem. These experiments show that the decaying factor allows us to better distinguish strong and weak term relationships. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. Each topic has three versions  , Arabic  , English and French. template. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. This confirms earlier findings that the MLP can be slower by 1–2 orders of magnitude  , and has a direct dependence on the size of the training set 27. We also are interested in generalizing this work to infer " bounded disorder " : unordered relations whose disorder can be measured as the number of passes of a bubble sort required to make the relation ordered. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. As a result  , it may have false positives. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. , 18  , 21. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . It also appears that  , with this approach  , additional bilingual lexicons and parallel text improve performance substantially in spite of the increased ambiguity. For some researchers  , these observations have lead to the optimistic conclusion that the CLIR problem is basically solved. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Similar to other CLIR papers  , " source language " refers to the language of queries  , and " target language " refers to the language of documents. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. As was discussed earlier  , in order use the model to generalize from labeled to unlabeled date e.g. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. This is favorably comparable to the best effectiveness achieved in the previous Chinese TREC experiments. In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. The modeler wants " all the data  , " but only for purposes of fitting and comparing models that help to explain the data. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. The two are related quantities with different focuses. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. The test written collection was from TREC-8 composed of English documents and queries in a number of European languages. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. Our thesaurus based CLIR approach seeks to overcome both problems  , allowing free-text user queries and considering the free-text portions of documents during retrieval. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. , kill_parens to remove parenthesized expressions. This performance metric is compared with the target value. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. System overview. The fuzzy logic is used to select the elements of the transformation matrix 1T which indirectly determine the contribution of each joint to the total motion. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Therefore defining the semantics of an SQL query by translation into relational algebra and relational calculus opens up new optimization oppor- tunities: -The optimizer can investigate the whole query and is no longer constrained to look at one subquery at a time. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. In 1   , we discussed our pattern matching approach in detail. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. The system uses it automatically when no operator is specified. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. Furthermore  , the question of whether the benefit brought by genetic programming can balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations is not addressed. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. A SPARCstation 10 is used both for robot control and for relocalization. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. However  , datadriven techniques Section 5 offer additional protection from false or extraneous matches by lowering the importance ranking of information not corroborated elsewhere in the data. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Datasets. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Eichmann et al. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. percolation "  ? Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. In order for dead reckoning to be useful for mobile robots in real-world environments  , some means is necessary for correcting the position errors that accumulate over time. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Section 3 explains query generation without using a large lexicon. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. We used depth-first search DFS as the basis for PRSS in this paper; we plan to explore the use of variants of breadth-first search in future work. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. The approach of simultaneous query optimization will lead to each such plan being generated exactly once for all the queries optimized together. International organizations  , governments of multi-lingual countries  , to name the most important ones  , have been traditional users of CLIR systems. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. A key component of this measure. By these means  , it is possible to solve successfully the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems. The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. We show further evidence for this statement in Section 4.4. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. That will establish a lower bound on the performance of our system if it had direct access to the linguistic knowledge in the MT system. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. While on the CLIR task PLTMs were configured with T=100  , 200  , 300  , 400  , 500  , 700 and 1k. Next  , each model's location is estimated. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. In our case  , we utilize 3×3 block of each frame for ordinal signature extraction. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. However  , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. In this paper  , presently known techniques for query-time replacement are reviewed  , new techniques that leverage estimates of replacement probabilities are introduced  , and experiment results that demonstrate improved retrieval effectiveness in two applications Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and retrieval of scanned documents based on Optical Character Recognition OCR are presented. One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. They represent patterns because either predicate  , subject or object might be a variable  , or is explicitly specified as a constant. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. This could imply that with more examples to learn from  , users are more focused on a general model and less able to keep in mind particular cases. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Distributed graph pattern matching. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style For different parameters  , it calculates the maximum probability that a parameterized model generates the data exactly matching the original  , and chooses the parameters that maximizes such probability. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. Recommendations to person p are made using: Pm|p ∝ Pp  , m. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. Wang et al. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. The procedural model is fast  , robust  , and easy to maintain. A technique that can be used to alleviate the impact of the above problems is by identifying phrases in the query and translating them using a phrase dictionary. Random Forest is the classifier used. In this section  , we describe a heuristic search strategy for finding a fixel configuration for a particular feature tuple. . The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. If these NPs are not stored in the dictionary  , they are most likely to be translated incorrectly. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. A related research is to perform query expansion to enhance CLIR 2  , 18. In our experiment  , we crawled 3 ,000 pages at each site. : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. Model Parameters. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. In Table 5we show CPU costs with this optimization  , for queries with expected query range sizes of 7 days  , 30 days  , and one year  , under the uniform and biased query model. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. Experiment 1. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. The left two figures are for short queries  , and the right two are for long queries. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. Datasets for both evaluations were constructed to be the same size in order to make the results comparable. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. On the other hand  , the green curve quasi-steady model is symmetric with respect to its local maxima so the quasi-steady model does not distinguish between the stroke acceleration phase and the stroke deceleration phase. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. We evaluated our system on the TREC-5/6 CLIR task  , using a corpus of 164 ,778 Chinese documents and titles of the 54 English topics as queries. Applying the same fitting procedures described in Section VI-D to the torsion free case  , we first determined a tip error of 24.78 mm 54.32 mm maximum. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. It therefore seems to be a good candidate for further study  , and an appropriate choice if a method These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. 5illustrates the impact of the variable k. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. The main challenge here has been that two sequences are almost never identical. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. This time  , however  , only the first primary descriptor assigned to the document was used  , assuming that this is the most important descriptor for the respective document. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. So far  , many researchers applied GA to motion acquisition problems for robots or virtual creatures. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. A set of intermodel checks between different requirements representation pattern is classed as " incorrectness " . For MT purposes  , the training corpus should be tightly controlled; otherwise  , wrong or poor-quality translations will be produced. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. Coverage does not exceed 79%. Our experiments of CLIR on TREC Chinese collections show that models using larger and more specific unit of translation are always better  , if the models can be well trained  , because more specific models could model more information. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. In particular  , many researchers have focused on isolating synchronization behaviors in response to timing changes. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. Two runs were made. It is difficult to construct more good MT systems to cover other languages. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. Note that by exploring the low rank property  , the optimization problem is not convex. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. The whole system consists of three major compo­ nents  , namely texture feature extractor  , texture clas­ sifier and boundary detector. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. External validity is concerned with generalization. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The first phase consisted of pattern matching between query terms and MeSH terms that are found in MeSH regular descriptor file and MeSH supplementary concept records file. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned.  Incorporating both context i.e. In general  , for every plan function s  , 7 can be partiof parametric query optimization. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. We submitted ve oocial CLIR runs and scored an additional four unoocial runs locally  , as shown in Table 2. 0 This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. Thus  , for a given task-space trajectory  , there will be an infinite number of possible joint-space trajectories for both the thumb and the ATX. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. For example  , measurements made by the Polhemus sensor are transmitted as an electromagnetic signal  , and so can have errors introduced by metallic objects or stray magnetic fields existing in the vicinity of the sensor contain error. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . Therefore if any sort order needs to be guaranteed on the output of the Apply operator an enforcer plan is generated. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. Please note that the willingness  , capability  , and constraint functions are all parametric. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point For example  , if a fingertip encounters a ridge  , some specific strategies may be used to determine the size and extent length of the feature . Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. Assignment to a cluster center is achieved using hillclimbing on the same density landscape. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. The location of the actual edge is then determined by fitting a line over all " peak " pixels associated with each visible edge. This mapping has two main advantages. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Figure 4shows the average similarity of25 queries in each set retrieved over the two datasets every 50 seconds using a SUN Ultrasparc 2  , 200 MHz  , with 256MB of RAM. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. The documents were stemmed using Al-Stem a freely available standard resource from the TREC CLIR track  , diacritics were removed  , and normalization was performed to convert the letters ya Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. Most of our results concern transaction equivalence and optimization. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. Weimer et al. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. The FSM stores partial results as the document is parsed sequentially in document order. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. We developed an application  , ljclipper  , to restrict the overall friends graph to that induced by a subset of nodes of fixed number  , found using breadth-first search starting from a given seed. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " 16. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. The matching compares the predicate in a triple pattern with the predicate defined for a capability and evaluated the constraint for subject and object. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. This section describes a control strategy for automatically focusing on a point in a static scene. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. In this work we argue that one should not only " look inside " the black box of the SMT system 16   , but directly optimize SMT for the CLIR task at hand. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. A hundred trees were learnt in MLRF's random forest for each data set. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. Multilingual thesauri can be built quite effectively by merging existing monolingual thesauri 27 ; the UMLS Metathesaurus is an excellent current example. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . 3.2. A few investigations have examined the effect of resource size on CLIR performance. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. 4. , at high cumulative probability thresholds that Darwish and Oard reported 4. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. Deshpande et al. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. We focus here on the direct use of discovered constraints by the query optimizer. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. Many participating research teams reported results for word-only indexing  , making that condition useful as a baseline. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. We defined transformation rules on top of the SQGM to provide means for rewriting and simplifying the query formulation. When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. Memory management. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. To seed our crawler  , we generated 100 ,000 random SteamIDs within the key space 64-bit identifiers with a common prefix that reduced the ID space to less than 10 9 possible IDs  , of which 6 ,445 matched configured profiles. Edge optimization and sort splitting and embedding seem to be particularly promising for order-dependent queries. If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. We are currently working on the specification of leitmotif behavior with the aid of Action Semantics. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. Our CLIR participation involved both the French and English queries and included experiments with the merging strategy. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. The actual decoding of the speech utterance is based on searching the acoustic and language models to find out the best fitting hypothesis. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: We take a different approach of matching a model to the observed points  , commonly used in the robotics community. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. The authors' experience is similar to ours in that ESC/Java used without annotating testee code produces too many spurious warnings to be useful alone. Finally  , Section 6 concludes. The paper is organized as follows. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. A somewhat different approach to facilitate multiple language comprehension is DSketch. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. , Chinese. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. Example 2. Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar. More recently the generalized vector space model has shown good potential for CLIR 6. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. , a stack. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. 10 . Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. Finally  , we summarize our work. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Grossman et al. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. Thus  , they are used to improve the efficiency of the optimizer. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. That is exactly the rational behind our hybrid approach to IE combining pattern matching rules and statistical learning Srihari 1998 The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. The role pattern correlation matrix is the most likely similar to the collaborative group correlation matrix. One of the key challenges in CLIR is what to do when more than one possible translation is known. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. , for all k  , d k ∈ l1  , s1. This section describes the dynamic model of a skid-steered wheeled vehicle that was developed and experimentally verified in 8. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. For an overview and references  , see the chapters on query optimization in MA831 or UL82. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. , GGT96  , SMY90. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. Tracking by camera translation is much simplier. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Many different indicators can be used to evaluate the accuracy of the estimates see Section 2. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. We enabled English stemming for all runs and did not use any stopword lists. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. Generate the set of equivalent queries. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Morph considers the morphologically similar words as candidates. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. Such machinery needs to be based on intermediate representations of queries that are syntactically close to XQuery and has to allow for an algebraic approach to query optimization  , with buffering as an optimization target. The first one is about the consequences of these results for data fragmentation. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. The right image shows some small acceptable rocks on the right  , a 1 m to 20 crn deep from left to right step down at 5 m  , and a 45" hill at 10 m. Obstacle detection is quite reliable. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. 4 Yahoo! The active label distributions can be aggregated over leaf nodes and the most popular labels can be recommended to the advertiser. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. To find a meaningful weighting of a specific set of d dimensions   , Dim  , for a given set of must-link and cannot-link constraints  , further referred to as S&D  , our approach performs hill climbing. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. If the target community exists for the seed set  , then according to 6  , this target community would serve as a bottleneck for the probability to be spread out. The structure of the paper is a as follows. 4 consists of the union of all corresponding sets: In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. each sentiment phrase detected Section 3.3  , SA determines its target and final polarity based on the sentiment pattern database Section 3.1.2. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. Figure 2suggests that we do not have such a " large enough " database. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Note that the fitting curve and the average error are shown in Fig. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. pressive language. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. We used synonymous word pairs extracted from Word- Net synsets as positive training examples and automatically generated non-synonymous word pairs as negative training examples to train a two-class support vector machine in section 3.4. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. Finally  , we present our conclusion in Section 6. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. They are sorted according to question types and can handle more anchor terms. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Our framework is built upon support vector machine  , which has been widely used to analyze OSNs in many areas 11  , 12  , such as business  , transportation  , and anomaly intrusion detection . the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. Then  , the final mapping Φl of a location l into the Wikipedia topic space is the multiplication of the product vector and the local topic distribution. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. However  , agile modeling does not provide a cookbook type of approach for authoring documents  , as RaPiD7 does. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: we present our training and testing data in Section 2  , and our weighting criteria in Section 3. In the second view  , however  , the surfaces can be distinguished  , and  , using the segmentation procedure  , separated  , and fitted by a surface model. An example is given in Figure 1where α is 0.88 if we force f1 to be the actual value. Further  , ROLEX accepts a navigational profile associated with a view query and uses this profile in a costbased optimizer to choose a best-cost navigational query plan. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. Optionally  , an optimization procedure could be used to place a new document in the map preserving the ratios of its distances to all anchor documents as much as possible with respect to the distances in the original vector space. Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. 19851. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. For the purposes of CLIR  , it seems clear that the appropriate basis for constructing a similarity function is the differential effect on retrieval if both terms were considered to represent the same concept. robot and obstacles 12. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Good curve fitting results are achieved with R square of 0.869 in the priority job model and with R squire of 0.889 in the regular job model. Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. Prec@10 is the precision after 10 docs and the Mean Average Precision MAP. In this paper  , we described a Surface Similarity based method for fuzzy string matching for performing CLIR and were able to show good improvement in performance. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. A SAE model is a series of autoencoder. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. Let g i be the guard obtained from g i by replacing every parameter of lib by the corresponding argument passed to it at c. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. The primary contribution of this research is to underscore the importance of algebraic optimization for sequence queries along with a declarative language in which to express them. Selection rules allow a straight-forward and efficient implementation of recommender selection. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. We start with a brief introduction to the 4-bar legs in Section 2 followed by a modeling discussion in Section 3 that introduces a polynomial representation of the empirical funct ,ion relating strain nieasurement to leg configuration . , t-test is also employed. It provides sound solutions to many difficult problems  , for which people have not found a theoretical or practical breakthrough. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. The crawl occurred in January  , 2002 and was made to mimic the way a real search service of the .gov pages might make a crawl. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. , OWL2DL. The core idea of our method is based on the notion that surface boundaries are in most cases represented by an edge in the color image. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. There have been many studies on this problem. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. It is about 10 times as fast as our CLIR system in the above experiments. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. To evaluate the performance of the random forest for disambiguation  , we first randomly select 91 unique author names as defined by the last name and the first initial from Medline database. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. This is also the case for zoo and hepatitis  , and for mushroom  , where even a much larger data set includes misleading instances if a small support threshold is chosen. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . If the CHECK condition is violated  , CHECK triggers re-optimization. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. some of which are shown in Figure 2b. Using deviance measures  , e.g. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. Once we meet an unknown node  , we use its known neighbour nodes to compute its location area as described above and then turn it to a known node. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. The surface model provides the position and orientation of each leaf. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. Three participants spoke about the importance of commencing assessment of text encoding requirements at a higher level of abstraction than the TEI's model of a text as important. The DS1 and DS2 curves differ significantly: DS2 contains about twice as many documents which contain no popular shingles at all. In TREC-9 we only participated in the English-Chinese cross-language information retrieval CLIR track. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. However  , recent studies show that CLIR results can be better than monolingual retrieval results 24. To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. One other study used eye-tracking in online search to assess the manner in which users evaluate search results 18. For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. The random forest and pam combination provides middling results. We emphasize that nothing is encoded about how t o construct a successor node from a given node. The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. Given that the proposed system is evaluated over seven iterations   , we plot for each benchmark the precision-recall curve for the iteration in which the proposed system achieved the highest F-Measure. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Our TREC-8 results show that post-retrieval merging of retrieval results can outperform preretrieval merging of multilingual data collections. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. Our experiments use two sets of data test collections and submitted runs from the NTCIR-3 CLIR track 9  , provided by National Institute of Informatics  , Japan. Others question the propriety of removing DBMS services such as query optimization and views and suggest utilizing only high level interfaces. In other words  , query translation may cause deterioration of CLIR performance. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. In robotics it typically refers to the velocity mapping between a robot's joint space and its world space motions. On the other hand  , however  , no-one will contest that a small! Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. , 2000 are some exemplars of Word Vectors. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. McCarley found that merging ranked lists generated using query translation and document translation yielded improved mean average precision over that achieved by either approach alone 11  , which suggests that bidirectional techniques are worth exploring . Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. The selected edges represent discontinuities in color and lie inside of a planar surface to avoid errors caused by edges at the boundary between two surfaces. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Sequence mining is essentially an enumeration problem over the sub-sequence partial order looking for those sequences that are frequent. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. The average length of the titles is 3.3 terms which approximates the average length of short web queries. Overlap in passages were removed and the lists were trimmed to the top 1000 re- sults. The global R 2 FP is compared with spatial pyramid pooling SPP. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. The queries in classes 7 and 8 can be implemented by the SFEU by combining the results of basic pattern matching. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. However  , for the purposes of the experiments described here  , it was treated as a series of simple bilingual dictionaries 1 . The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. , medicine  , engineering is used. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. The topic creation and results assessment sites for TREC-8 were: This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . These are topics of future research. Increased availabMy of on-line text in languages other than English and increased multi-national collaboration have motivated research in cross-language information retrieval CLIR -the development of systems to perform retrieval across languages. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. The structural function inlining yields an optimal expression for a given query by means of two kinds of static optimization  , which are horizontal and vertical optimizations. Such a model generalize to new campaigns if we can estimate the unknown coefficients gi for each user feature i from the training data. The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. Table 5and 6 show the corresponding precisions  , recalls and F-measures of the Cost Sensitive classifier based on Random Forest  , which outperformed the other classifiers yielding an 90.32% success in classification for our trained model. Therefore only results from the Random Forest experiments are reported  , specifying F1  , accuracy and the area under the ROC curve AUC. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. In all of the above tasks  , the central problem is similarity matching: 'find tumors that are similar to a gaven pattern' including shape  , shape changes  , and demographic patient data. As shown in the figure  , our approach achieved high fitting accuracy. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. Future work will improve our distributed approach by optimizing floating point parameters of central pattern generators instead of discrete action or set-points in gaittables . For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. Kamali et.al. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. , in terms of purity and precision. In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. The method employs a mapping of the unknown interaction forces into a generalized force in the configuration space of a continuum segment. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword The " wholistic " approaches  , e.g. a All strings occurring in root occur in node In this example  , the rule template gc-template we exhibit shall be a function from deltas t.o deltas  , such t ,hat if A is an arbitrary set of insertions and deletions on a database instance LIB  , then applygc ,templateA ,DB will be the result of garbage collection on applyA  , DB. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. No optimization techniques are used. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. In random forest  , one way to measure the importance of a feature in a model is by calculating the average drops in Gini index at nodes where that feature is used as the splitting cri- teria 6. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. The downside  , however  , is that machine translation is typically time-consuming and resource-intensive. We next present our random forest model. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. The effectiveness and efficiency of this strategy relative to comparable baselines is then shown in subsequent sections for two applications: CLIR  , and retrieval of scanned documents using OCR. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only. During testj'lg phase  , the texture feature of testing im­ age will be extmcted. The results from our experimental evaluation shows our approach to be a promising alternative to the standard pipeline approach. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. The directory space. It differs from previous ones in that it includes a distance component that decays the mutual information between terms when the distance between them increases. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. Test II: Combined Models. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. In the PQEP shown in Figure 2c   , the largest block is formed by the sort  , projection proj  , group  , and hash-join hj ,i , operators having a DOP of 5. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. SPARQL is a query language for RDF based on graph pattern matching  , which is defined in 4. Since we predict cascade statistics  , our work also relates to research on fitting empirical data to parsimonious statistical models 1  , 5 . We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. The first line runs a paired t-test; in the second one the response variable y is explicitly written as a function of a fixed effect system and a random effect Errortopic. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. The breadth-first strategy  , however  , draws a different picture: a user will look ahead at a series of results before clicking on the favorite results among them. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . Unfortunately  , restructuring of a query is not feasible if it uses different types of distance-combining functions. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. It assumes a value of 1 if the leg is on the ground and 0 otherwise. We describe it in more details next. Dictionary-based translation is often easier way to implement query translation than the methods based on the comparable documents or the parallel corpora  , as these are not readily available. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. The latter requires a human interpreter to identify the concepts in the requests. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. The roots of these trees  , surrounding the moved obstacle  , indicate where the forest is split. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. However  , in some cases it is important to evaluate the energy required per ascending distance  , which we denote by cost of climbing COC  , such as when presented with different paths to the peak of a hill. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. A content-based MetaLabeler was built at each node in the taxonomy. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Query Load. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. 2014. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. Besides being benchmarked as an independent module  , the resulting CLQS system is tested as a new means of query " translation " in CLIR task on TREC collections. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. Since our task is classification  , we optimize for the deviance loss function 9. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. 14 The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk. We use such information to compute selectivities. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Our proposed approach uses a low latency multi-scale voxelization strategy that is capable of accurately estimating the shape and pose parameters of relevant objects in a scene. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. To address this issue  , we relied on pattern matching  , a very powerful feature that current Computer Algebra Systems CAS provide. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . However  , best-first search also has some problems. We observe that the queries may be classified into three categories: 1 5 queries that have both monolingual and CLIR result of average precision lower than 0.1 #58  , #61  , #67  , #69  , and #77. The averagc They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. We then formalize the problem as top-k lightest paths problem   , targeting the top-k lightest loopless paths between the entities   , matching the path pattern see Section 2.1. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. We discuss extensions in $2.3. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. , trρ = 1. Apparently  , the small benefit of stemming and spelling normalization was canceled by the introduced ambiguity. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. with t elements and |D| possible tags for each element y i   , i = 1  , · · ·   , t  , the possible number of classes is |D| t . Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. Methods for translation have focused on three areas: dictionary translariun  , parallel or comparable corpora for generating a translation model  , and the employment of mnchine franslution MT techniques. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. 20 studied different crawling strategies and their impact on page quality. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. In 12  , 14  , 22  , 26  , queries were classified according to users' search needs  , for instance  , topic distillation  , named page finding  , and homepage finding. It should be noted that a steady-state friction model can also be obtained using any other curve fitting technique such as those using polynomial models. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. An enumerative search strategy is first characterized by the choice of the next state to apply an action on  , performed by the setNextState method  , which determines in which way the states are investigated. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. The findings can inform librarians  , information scientists  , and IR system designers of the needs  , requirements  , and approaches to enhance cross-language controlled vocabularies  , and improve search engines to provide users with more relevant results. A detailed model of the tyre friction forces was incorporated in the simulation. Thus  , they can be immediately used for efficient ad selection from a very large corpus of ads. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. , vectors of terms from a large corpus of Mayo Clinic clinical notes. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. However  , what should be clear is that given such cost-estimates  , one could optimize inductive queries by constructing all possible query plans and then selecting the best one. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. Meta query optimization. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . However  , if the parameter sort order guaranteed by the parent block is weaker e.g. Regularization via ℓ 1 norm uses the sum of absolute values of parameters and thus has the effect of causing many parameters to be zero and selecting a sparse model as solution 14  , 26. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . Heaps Law requires extra model parameters  , α and β  , that are derived from the input collection. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. , they do not include query optimization overhead. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. Translating the query  , while preserving the weights from 1. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. However  , MF approaches have also encountered a number of problems in real-world recommender systems  , such as data sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability . In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. The initial interface layout was based on proposed scenarios 2. " Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The control problem can be problem of getting stuck in a local optimum which other Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases hill climbing problems are faced with. A run-time stack keeps the states reached and allows such a state backtracking. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. In experiments  , we find an appropriate ¡Û value manually for each dataset. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Statistical t-test 13 is conducted to indicate whether the CLQS-based CLIR performs significantly better. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Typical examples include: pattern matching exact  , approximate  , with wild-cards ,..  , the ranking of a string in a sorted dictionary  , or the selection of the i-th string from it. Consequently  , the performance on this topic is drastically reduced by incorporating the concept language model. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. In this section  , we show how our Random Forest classifiers can be used to predict global object shape from local shape information. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. In many RDF applications  , e.g. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. This paper is organized as follows. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction. Concurrently  , the query feature vector is stored in the Query Cluster Database  , as a new cluster representative. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. The focus of this study is on empirical evaluation of the proposed system. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Random forests use a relatively small number of attributes in determining a test at a node which makes the tree faster to build. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . Apers and is optimal  , given the existing query strategies. Query optimization derives a strategy for transmitting and joining these relations in order to minimize query total time or query response time. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Similar patterns in the input space lie in a geographical near position in the output space. 111 that sense  , it has a similar philosophy as a Prolog interpreter. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. , 1. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. Character recognition is conducted using template matching. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. The error plateaus at the final level of the bounding hierarchy because a lower bound cannot be extracted until the level finishes. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. we consider all possible combinations of resolutions for these toponyms  , this results in about 3·10 17 possibilities  , an astonishingly large number for this relatively small portion of text  , which is far too many to check in a reasonable time. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. In the following  , we present our implementation of the different GP operators on link specifications and how we combine GP and active learning. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. Combining phrase translation via phrase dictionary and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance up to 79% of monolingual. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. We start explaining DJ's techniques. Documents were then ranked based on the combined scores. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. We further introduce probabilistic model to describe latent semantics. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . This work is also situated within the general landscape of multilingual digital libraries. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. The heart of those methods is the subsequence matching module. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. Of these techniques  , GenProg and Par  , the two awardwinning patch generation techniques  , presented the very promising results. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions .