With a more quantitatively informed approach    , practitioners can select the most suitable experimental design to minimize the benchmark's run time for any desired level of accuracy. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. This last point may be illustrated by considering the results of term weighting experiments carried out recently by Christopher Buckley at Cornell 
Univ~rsity. In addition    , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. In the digital age    , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located    , searched for relevance    , and retrieved. We generalize the random effects model in Eq. Further more    , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. A holistic approach for finding optimal plans based on Iterative Dynamic Programming IDP 
Future Work
Other future work will be the support for DESCRIBE-queries and IRIs as subjects. The basic LSH indexing method works as follows 
By concatenating multiple LSH functions    , the collision probability of far away objects becomes very small p M 2     , but it also reduces the collision probability of nearby objects p M 1 . Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. Static Metrics Suite
The choice of mapping strategy impacts key non-functional system properties. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24  ,58% +23  ,14% +41  ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. The results are listed in 
To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method    , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Anil Dash    , a tech blogger and entrepreneur    , has written about his experiences being on the old version of the suggested users list 
Date 
Very shortly after being put on the old suggested user list on Oct. 2    , 2009    , Mr. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. However    , evidences show that even if there exists a strong correlation between the number of blog mentions of a new product and the sales rank of the product    , it could still be very difficult to make a successful prediction of sales ranks based on the number of blog mentions 
Blog mentions
Let us look at the following two movies    , The Da Vinci Code and Over the Hedge    , which are both released on 
Box office data and user rating
Besides the blogs    , we also collect for each movie one month's box office data daily gross revenue from the IMDB website 2 . We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This material is based on work supported in part by the Library of Congress and Department of Commerce under cooperative agreement number EEC-9209623    , in part by SPAWARSYSCEN-SD grant number N66001-99-1-8912    , and in part by the Advanced Research and Development Activity in Information Technology ARDA under its Statistical Language Modeling for Information Retrieval Research Program    , contract number MDA904-00-C-2106. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital    , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. Introduction 
Over the last years    , the Marktoberdorf Summer School has been a place where people tried to uncover the mysteries of programming. On the face of it    , one might not expect much of a difference; after all    , why would teachers use different criteria or weigh identical criteria differently depending on whether they are evaluating curricula they are searching for themselves or evaluating curricula recommended by others. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. Then the fitting problem is solved with a dynamic programming procedure    , which finds the segmentation such that rankings inside all bins are predicted most accurately. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. Additional experiments have to point out which reason or reasons actually explain the experimental results the best. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems    , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw    , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring    , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . 10 
Optimization for Top-Down Transfer
 To efficiently solve the above loss function    , we propose to transform the Θ ∈ R M ×D matrix into the same dimension as B. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Similar schemata could be derived using a method described by G. VEILLON 
Using this transition scheme    , we obtain from VVV 
proc mod = nat a    , nat b na__t _t : 
Fvar nat r := a    , var nat dd :
r  
 This is the usual program for division using binary number representation cf. , a 50:50 random split that has been previously applied in the defect prediction literature 
0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 
¨ © 
In a within-project setting    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier with only random forest ranking in the first tier. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work    , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. These properties make it an interesting case for our study. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. There are now over two dozen of these collections    , and they have been distributed widely by the United Nations and other non government agencies 
Weaknesses
Many experimental interfaces have been built for Greenstone    , some of which make use of a CORBA-based protocol to support distributed client-server in-teraction. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 
An Attempt to Evaluate via a User Study
Runs and Results
We submitted two runs to the TREC 2013 Contextual Suggestion Track. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server    , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. Abstract 
Current query languages for relational databases usually are fixed    , i.e. In early years    , researchers have investigated into task-oriented conversation systems 
RELATED WORK
Conversation Systems
Early work on conversation systems is generally based on rules or templates and is designed for specific domains 
 Unlike previous work    , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. For example    , if the query is " night "     , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram    , and once candidate pictograms are selected    , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category    , which in this case is the TIME category. EXPERIMENTS
We evaluated our model using two classification tasks: Tweet semantic relatedness and Tweet sentiment classifica- tion. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape    , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies    , particularly theory related to creativity    , is lacking. We use a between-groups design with participants randomly assigned to one of three experimental conditions:  Group Gexp high : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be e↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. , Colon classification and the scope and variety of content on the WWW has naturally sparked interest in faceted organizational schemes for large websites 
Interaction Styles 
Shneiderman & Plaisant 
Our efforts have aimed to extend the dynamic query paradigm to a design framework that incorporates different easy to control views of collections    , primary objects    , and events with agile control mechanisms such as mouse brushing. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. Results: Overall Approach
First    , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. Deep Learning with Bottom-Up Transfer
To ensure good generalization abilities in transfer learning    , a shared middle-level feature abstraction is first learned in an unsupervised pre-training and a supervised fine-tuning from both the source and target domains    , in which W is optimized. Module 3 Rule execution receives detected events from module 2 and executes the concerned rules taking into account the coupling modes    , cascading in the sense of execution cycles    , priorities between rules    , and the calculation of net effect. Authoring documents traditionally usually rely on inspections 
The following chapter provides insights to a method developed in Nokia in order to address the aforementioned problems in authoring documentation. Sparck Jones and Van Rijsbergen Sparck Jones 76/ suggest that the ideal collection should: q be large    , i.e. This section describes how this has been achieved in the Advanced Information Management Prototype For the user    , the most obvious solution to the query: Find all properties such that the length of the boundary is larger than a certain value    , would be to define a function 'get-length' which computes the length of a boundary and then use this function in the following  These types need some explanations: Since PAS- CAL like many other programming languages does not support dynamic arrays    , " special solutions " have to be used to overcome the problems of representing variable long lists or sets. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures    , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems    , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. We measure its value as the Shannon entropy of a location: 
Hl = − ï¿¿ u∈N h S l p l u logp l u 4 
where p l u is the probability that a given check-in in place l is made by user u. CONCLUSIONS
We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval    , and the emerging language modeling approaches. Asian cultures emphasize the fundamental relatedness of individuals to each other    , with a focus on living harmoniously with others 
Cultural differences in online communities 
 As computing and communication technologies have spread around the world    , researchers have studied cultural differences in technology use. the two baselines    , when using a random forest as the base classifier. RQ3: Is there evidence of linguistic bias based on the race of the person described  ? Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic    , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance    , for that topic. Language modeling
The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths    , however    , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. , projection    , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. EXPERIMENTS
We carried out experiments using the benchmark Learning to Rank LETOR OHSUMED data set 
Parameter choices
There are several design choices which are common to both the GP-Rank and FITC-Rank model    , including the number of prototypes per label value    , the type of kernel function     , how prototypes are initialised    , and how kernel hyperparameters are initialised. As the first click model for QAC    , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. Introduction
Various types of user studies can support the design and evaluation of digital libraries. After enough information about previously-executed    , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp     , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. If the structure exceeds w entries    , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. EXPERIMENTS AND RESULTS
In this section    , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. We would extract those facts as a whole    , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract    , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized    , e.g. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Because linguistic biases are mitigated by the communicative context    , we might expect collaborative biographies created in a more anonymous communication environment     , such as IMDb    , to suffer less from linguistic bias    , where the social identity of the biography's subject is the primary trigger for LIB and LEB. If the response structure e.g. Specifically    , we consider three classes of signals: 
 User Because of user specialisation    , we expect that most of the repin activities of the user is restricted to only a few categories    , and furthermore    , even amongst these categories    , there may be a skewed interest favouring certain categories over others . Datasets: We focus on the Gov2 dataset that has 25 million documents and 150 queries 
x i −minx i  maxx i −minx i  
where minxi and maxxj are the minimum and maximum values respectively of xi for all documents in the same query. Pair programming transforms what has traditionally been a solitary activity into a cooperative effort. This transcription was designated " B2 " in the official NIST TREC-8 SDR documentation and " B1 " in the corresponding TREC-9 SDR documentation. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query    , pd|q. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object    , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method.   , museums    , landmarks    , and galleries. As in the Main Study    , participants n=57    , 19 participants in each condition were recruited via CrowdFlower. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets    , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. To this end    , we only return tags that have an aggregate score greater than the mean score for all the tag candidates. Furthermore    , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners    , and may include tools to promote learning. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Experiment Design
Two datasets of movie ratings are used in our experiments: MovieRating 
and EachMovie 2 . Based on 2 and 3    , the semantic relevance or the measure of relevancy to return pictogram e when w i is input as query can be calculated as follows: 
SRw i     , e = j P w j |e|E i ∩ E j |/|E i ∪ E j | 4 
The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero    , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. Note that the variance is inversely proportional to the number of ratings so as the number of ratings increases the model becomes increasingly more certain in the preferences decreasing the variance. In the course of this development    , the knowledge representation structures called templates were defined and adopted as the basic building-blocks for representing linguistic and extralinguistic knowledge. First    , when using the same number of hash tables    , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need    , compared with the entropy-based approach  ? For example    , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. In this section    , we generalize the random effects model for multiple batches to include experimental comparisons     , and derive expressions for how the standard error of experimental comparisons i.e. , in 
RETRIEVAL MODEL
In this section we derive our ranking mechanism. Since we analyzed document similarity based on weighted word frequency    , it was important that non-English documents be removed    , since we used an English-language corpus to estimate the general frequency of word occurrence. This provides the needed document ranking function. General Interest Model
The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. It has been advocated that the relevance of an information object to the information need of a specific user is a subjective and multidimensional concept    , which encompasses various properties and characteristics of the sought information ob- jects 
EXPERIMENTAL METHODOLOGY
 In this section    , we report detailed settings of our experimental methodology. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold    , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. , 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term    , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents    , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. For possible future research    , we plan to design a better text representation scheme by combining full text representation with feature selection techniques to avoid using only emotion terms. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos    , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. Our results focus on measuring the performance of a single endpoint or service. Based on this    , we analyze how users differed in their formulation of specific queries. propose a simpler yet more effective solution for image embedding 
ZERO-SHOT IMAGE TAGGING
Problem Statement
 Given an unlabeled image    , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. Twenty-one participants were recruited from the UMD community. The model is based on PLSA    , and authorship    , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. Another method of training topic models    , variational EM 
From topics to virtual shelves
 Tables 1    , 2 and 3 list topics selected from models generated for three books. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. Further assuming under this condition that the Web application is invulnerable induces a false negative discussed in Section 5 as PF L |V  ,D. If an injection succeeds    , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. Our models produced state-of-the-art results on TREC 2007 Blog Distillation dataset. We will show the effectiveness of our proposed method in the experimental section. There are 3 major contributions in this work: 1 we propose a contextual query reformulation framework with ranking fusions for the conversation task; 2 we integrate multi-dimension of ranking evidences     , i.e. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy    , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. In the results    , unless otherwise specified    , the default values are W = 0.7    , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0    , M = 11 for the audio dataset. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. Specifically    , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. More research however is required not only in identifying different types of search topics    , but also in defining more close what constitutes a simple and more complex topic and determining how the different elements should be taken into account in the experimental design. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. Besides its advantages in learning efficiency and accuracy    , our approach has one other important benefit specific to the Web. -.064
DISCUSSION & CONCLUSION
Our experiment aimed primarily to devise a multidimensional definition of 'alignment.' Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. This design method is by definition iterative. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. Evaluation
Using the semantic relevance measure    , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. However the Q matrix is reduced by one row and one column in every iteration     , otherwise is unchanged. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. After obtaining these entropies for all users for these two activities    , we compute the Pearson product-moment correlation between the geometric average of the country-level entropy and its corresponding Pace of Life rank. Out of these posts    , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. Whereas LIF well supported recall    , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin    , particularly in terms of purity    , precision    , and rand index. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting    , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. Programming on the way from the dilettantism of a home-made 'trickology' 4 to a scientific discipline: this has been the general theme of many of the lectures by Dijkstra    , Hoare    , Dahl    , Perlis    , Brinch Hansen    , Randell    , Wirth    , Ershov    , Griffiths    , Gries and others 2. As a result    , the 2014 data includes far more sessions than previous years—1  ,257 unique sessions as compared to around 100 for each of the previous three years. Encoder
Given a tweet in the matrix form T size: 150 × 70    , the CNN Section 2.1 extracts the features from the character representation. , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. Introduction 
The rise of social media has provided us a variety of means to offer cognitive surplus in the creation and sharing of knowledge that can benefit everyone 
Quality and Bias in Collaborative Biographies 
 It is not surprising that the quality of collaboratively produced biographies of famous people has been the focus of previous research. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards    , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . For example    , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20  ,952 bytes of core. Therefore     , much prior work has focused on constructing models that emphasize such domain-specific keywords for the vertical selection task 
3. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Overall    , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. W3C 
TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. These test collections are meant to be portable    , reusable    , statistically powerful    , and open to anyone that wishes to work on the problem of retrieval over sessions. Finally    , we adopt the weighted combination of the m kernels: 
κ = m l=1 α l κ l for KLSH. Given that our system is trained off this data    , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged    , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. As we can see in 
Query-Directed vs. Step-Wise Probing
This subsection presents the experimental results of the differences between the query-directed and step-wise probing sequences for the multi-probe LSH indexing method. We use the L2 i.e. Resolution was set to 1024x768. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. Our approach requires each owner i to associate a value vig to preference g proportional to how important this preference is for him. 2 summarizes related works. We used a mixed method approach to develop a thorough picture of existing practices around social learning and the impact of So.cl. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not.