We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Table 1provides some statistics of the data. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. The computer presented one random photo after another to one of the experimenters. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. According to this construction when we compute this average  , the precision of a document visited k times will contribute to the mean with a k/n weight. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. The collection of queries is a random sample of fully-anonymized queries in English submitted by Web users in 2006. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. We then took the mean of these n ratings and computed Pearson correlation between Turker mean responses and expert mean responses . In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. Space asks the user to define this mapping. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. For instance  , younger users tend to click less frequently on results returned to them about persons older than them. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. Parallel Learning. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. The Adjusted-R 2 measure denotes the percentage of variance explained by the model and  , for both collections  , the obtained model explains 99% of such variance. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. This can be calculated in JavaScript. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. Each sampler was allowed to submit exactly 5 million queries to the search engine. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. The main feature of the PRM-S model is that weights for combining field-level scores are estimated based on the predicted mapping between query terms and document fields  , which can be efficiently computed based on collection term statistics. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. The idea of constructing search trees from the initial and goal configurations comes from classical AI bidirectional search  , and an overview of its use in previous motion planning methods appears in 12 . Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. In traditional search engine architecture using HDD in the document servers  , the latency from receiving the query and document list from the web server to the return of the query result is dominated by the k random read operations that seek the k documents from the HDD see Figure 9a. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. Some LOs may require prerequisites. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. There are some that are designed for many dof manipulators based on random 2 Brownian motion  , sequential IO  backtracking with virtual obstacles  , or parallel 3 genetic opti-mization search. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Figure 4shows an example of such state space. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. The experimental results are in Table 1. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. In hybrid concolic testing  , we exploit the fact that random testing can take us in a computationally inexpensive way to a state in which state=9 and then concolic testing can enable us to generate the string ''reset'' through exhaustive search. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. Table 2 alsoshows the correlation analogous to Pearson correlation coefficient between the row and column scores for each dimension singular value score; the greater the inertia  , the greater the association between row and column. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . In other words  , search based on the user model required a much smaller number of query messages and thus a much higher efficiency in order to achieve similar accuracy. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. Agents can either locally try to find nodes that have been least visited or search for some random area in the environment. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. Based on the rationale of curve-fitting models  , various alternatives to the DPM approach have been proposed and investigated 14  , 15  , 181  , but so far no superior model was reported. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. I. Node generation. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. The intra-observer coefficients were 0.95 ± 0.04 and 0.93 ± 0.05 for expert-1 and expert-2 respectively. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. Fitting the Rated Clicks Model to predict click probabilities on the original lower results yields similar results. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. They noted that the Janus search engine could also be used to find textual overlaps between other random texts as well. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. result abstracts at lower ranks. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. This can be perceived from results already. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. The pairwise similarity matrix wui  , uj  between users is typically computed offline. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Random SearchAb1 : basic strategy : the ability to find task by moving random direction. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient between the Miller-Charles scores and the NBD baseline  , as well as the three NSWD variants. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. Two cases have to be distinguished. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. We report the results in terms of Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation coefficients and show that the query subsets chosen by our models are significantly more effective than those selected by the considered baseline methods. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. A peer implementation conforms to its interface  , if all the call sequences to the Communicator are accepted by the finite state machine defining the peer interface. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " Statistically speaking  , this is a fairly strong correlation; however  , the inconsistencies are enough to cloud whether the small accuracy improvements often reported in the literature are in fact meaningful. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. Probabilistic CLIR. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The real problem lies in defining similarity. It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The total number of randomly inserted citations in the full dataset reached almost 4.3 million. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. We can appreciate the high correlation of the curves  , which corresponds to a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.864. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. Since the surveys  , there have been a few papers which gave comparable or better results than Pearson correlation on some datasets. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. Used features. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. Many questions need to be answered. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. For each node visited do the following. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. Timing results for inverted search and vector search for the Pearson correlation for one of the runs are shown in Figure 1and Figure 2. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. If an n-gram occurs more frequently in a search result than expected by random chance  , there may be a relationship between the n-gram and the search term. Semantic relevance. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. In this way  , concolic testing does eventually hit the coverage points in the vicinity of the random execution  , but the expense of exhaustive searching means that many other coverage points in the program state space can remain uncovered while concolic testing is stuck searching one part Figure 2 b switches to inexpensive random testing as soon as it identifies some uncovered point  , relying on fast random testing to explore as much of the state space as possible. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. the terms or concepts in question. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. The meta-search interface presented the documents retrieved in random order  , with no indication of the system from which each was drawn. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. The mixed-effects model in Eq. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. gives the correlation between the different coverage types and the normalized effectiveness measurement. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. The results are shown in figure 1and demonstrate that estimated qualities are fairly close to the ground truth data Pearson correlation = .88  , ρ < 10 −15 . This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . Thus  , every participant used all three search interfaces but the order in which participants used the interfaces and the task for which a given interface was used varied systematically across participants.