Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. We found that the notion of 'alignment' used by the teachers was both qualitatively and quantitatively different when they were searching for aligned curriculum themselves vs. judging alignment suggestions identified by others. Conclusion
This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels    , product classes    , properties    , value instances    , and top-level classes for each product ontology. The first portion computes the new outcome that would have been the societal if user i's values had been ignored and then computes the social utility for such an outcome. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. Three experiments were conducted    , one based on nouns    , one based on stylometric properties    , and one based on punctuation statistics. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. The encoder consists of convolutional layers to extract features from the characters and an LSTM layer to encode the sequence of features to a vector representation    , while the decoder consists of two LSTM layers which predict the character at each time step from the output of encoder. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. To simplify our experiments    , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. The users can highlight any text from the search snippets or whole document and add it to the notebook by a single button click. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . Initialization. Moreover    , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings    , such as degree    , strength. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Then the fitting problem is solved with a dynamic programming procedure    , which finds the segmentation such that rankings inside all bins are predicted most accurately. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. These synonyms are obtained from WordNet 
CrossEntp    , q = − px logqx 9 
where p is the true distribution one-hot vector representing characters in the tweet and q is the output of the softmax. To compute the similarity weights w i  ,k between users ui and u k     , several similarity measures can be adopted    , e.g. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital    , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. 4. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. The first is the object model of an E-commerce system adopted from Lau and Czarnecki 
Planning and Execution
Our experimental procedure involved the synthesis of both design spaces of database alternatives and several abstract loads in a variety of sizes for each subject system. This design method is by definition iterative. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. We will refer to this characteristic of one-to-many correspondence in meaning-to-pictogram and an associative measure of ranking pictograms according to interpretation relevancy as assisting selection of pictograms having shared interpretations. The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC    , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. The model is based on PLSA    , and authorship    , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. With the acquired translation pairs    , we can now learn translation probabilities between Chinese words and English words. In Sect. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. The experiment involved the participants using the Firefox extension of the tag mapping tool within their browser on their own personal computer over a two week period. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. The evaluation results are given in 
Result II. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Following the likelihood principle    , one determines P d    , P zjd    , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 
L = X d2D X w2W nd; w log P d; w ; 3 
where nd; w denotes the term frequency    , i.e. Among them    , some of the studies attempt to learn a positive/negative classifier at the document level. Computational Complexity
All the presented approaches allow the computation of the probabilities using a dynamic programming approach. To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. One is a variant of the Bellcore SuperBook system
Experiments
In an effort to compare the image and text versions of the same material    , we ran some systematic experiments at Cornell    , using 36 students as experimental subjects in a controlled sitation. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. This characterizes the level of noise inherent in an n-gram indexing scheme; the significance of a particular similarity measure value could be described as the number of standard deviations it falls above the mean of the noise distribution. If the predicate belongs to the profile    , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. These properties make it an interesting case for our study. Experimental Design
We evaluated the recommendations made by the CiteSight system by looking at how well it would have performed for existing papers where the set of citations is already known. We can estimate Px from the collection as: ~fxd d for all z n-grams X ~" 
Under ~h~ fame assumptions as above    , the variance of S is: 
axPx2+Nd 3 VARSd  ,e=NdNeE + Ne-2 E a P X X X X Nd+Ne-l  E x y~x axayPx2py2 4 Nd+Ne-l  E a P X X X 
With a multlnomial model of text and given n-gram probabilities    , 
one can thus 
predict the expected value and the variance of a similarity measure computed for a random pair of text items. Experimental Setup
We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles    , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents    , and do a single MCMC sweep over them    , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. Results: Overall Approach
First    , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. Next    , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. are images from " difficult " topics more difficult to judge  ?. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades. Goals 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory JHU/APL is a second-time entrant in the TREC Category A evaluation. A Simple Display Application
The first example 
Reference Linking the D-Lib Magazine
The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. Similar schemata could be derived using a method described by G. VEILLON 
Using this transition scheme    , we obtain from VVV 
proc mod = nat a    , nat b na__t _t : 
Fvar nat r := a    , var nat dd :
r  
 This is the usual program for division using binary number representation cf. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Single dimension with no hierarchies
 In this case the subcube C b consists of a onedimensional array of T real-values. In light of TF*IDF    , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . In the future    , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup    , similar to the QALD hybrid task    , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. More research however is required not only in identifying different types of search topics    , but also in defining more close what constitutes a simple and more complex topic and determining how the different elements should be taken into account in the experimental design. Language 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we extended an MT-based context-sensitive CLIR approach 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
 This research was supported in part by the BOLT program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency    , Contract No. We have presented experimental results showing that HearSay can be used for " hands-free " audio browsing    , although improvements in speed and accuracy are needed. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker    , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. Each element function fcw is a negative log-likelihood function with the 2 norm for composition c    , which is a single element of set C. 
Optimization
There are a few issues with optimizing the composite objectives in 3.6. For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. If entries of the Y matrix are unavailable    , under a missing completely at random MCAR assumption we can sample them in each iteration of the MCMC procedure using Equation 1    , and then use the equation above at prediction time. Although the experiment included only six topics    , which made it feasible to increase the number of test subjects    , fruitful data was collected on the characteristics of topics. Because the denominator holds the maximum entropy and normalized entropy is subtracted from 1    , F falls in the range 
Sσ i     , σ j  = σ i · σ j σ i σ j 2 
 Because facts cannot have negative frequencies    , similarities are in the range 
Styles    , Institutions and Reproduction 
 Cultural Reproduction: Styles are mechanisms of reproduction of focus. Using the training blog entries    , we train an S-PLSA model. In this paper we developed a statistical model to understand and quantify these effects    , and explored their practical impact on benchmarking . Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. eXtreme Programming XP's planning game. Its design has been influenced by our earlier work on the XXL language for XML IR 
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting    , model combination    , and complexity control. Ridge    , lasso    , or elastic net regularization has been used in previous methods. Equipped with the proposed models    , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. For each topic    , the table lists the most probable words for the topic under its DCM parameters along with the words in the book most frequently assigned to the topic. Also see the PR-curves for the baseline 
Concept cross translation
The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. Our hope is that this paper provides a simple and actionable understanding of the procedures involved in benchmarking for performance changes in other contexts as well. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. Our monolingual results for the four languages    , using the human-translated queries provided by NIST    , were significantly below those seen on the TREC-7 CLIR task: The reasons for this drop in performance are unclear. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR    , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 
Naive Combination
It is tempting simply to assume that strong evidence on both dimensions – dictionary and spelling – should increase our confidence in a translation. Anil Dash    , a tech blogger and entrepreneur    , has written about his experiences being on the old version of the suggested users list 
Date 
Very shortly after being put on the old suggested user list on Oct. 2    , 2009    , Mr. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/    , this risk seems to be tolerable. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA    , K    , and the orders of the ARSA model    , p and q. Comparison with other feature selection methods
To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set    , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection     , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. Selection-Centric Context Semantic Model
One potential problem to apply this context language model to score each reference document is that a document is very short see the snippet in 
Vs    , c = w∈c pw|s    , c · Vw 4 
Although using ESA for semantic matching is not entirely novel    , we are the first to leverage the term proximity evidence when computing the ESA vector. IMRank: iterative framework
IMRank aims to find a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking. We compare the weighted memory-based approach by incorporating our weighting scheme to standard memory-based approach including the Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method    , the Vector Similarity VS method    , the Aspect Model AM    , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Similarly    , the research community has created excellent production digital libraries systems: NCSTRL/Dienst 
NCSTRL and Its Limitations 
In this section    , we discuss NCSTRL and its implementation limitations. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. Overall    , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Intuitively    , ωt  ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . Since we analyzed document similarity based on weighted word frequency    , it was important that non-English documents be removed    , since we used an English-language corpus to estimate the general frequency of word occurrence. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. This can be perceived from results already. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. On the face of it    , one might not expect much of a difference; after all    , why would teachers use different criteria or weigh identical criteria differently depending on whether they are evaluating curricula they are searching for themselves or evaluating curricula recommended by others. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. Also    , as discussed in 
Experimental method
There were two goals for the experiments. After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Section 3 provides details on our interface design and experimental setup. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. Entity Mapping: 
The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire    , query input and their relation. The constant Zn is chosen so that the perfect ranking gives an NDCG value of 1. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics    , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. As in the Main Study    , participants n=57    , 19 participants in each condition were recruited via CrowdFlower. Sparck Jones and Van Rijsbergen Sparck Jones 76/ suggest that the ideal collection should: q be large    , i.e. To determine if a profile is better than another one    , we use the generalized Jaccard similarity coefficient defined as: 
Jx    , y = i minx i     , y i  i maxx i     , y i  
where x and y are two multi-sets and the natural numbers x i ≥ 0 and y i ≥ 0 are the multiplicity of item i in each multiset. Experimental Conditions
 We refined our basic survey idea into a 2 x 4 betweensubjects design. Methods with the LIB quantity    , especially LIB    , LIB+LIF    , and LIB*LIF    , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy    , e.g. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. Interface Design
The interface we created to collect preference judgements had the following design. There are 3 major contributions in this work: 1 we propose a contextual query reformulation framework with ranking fusions for the conversation task; 2 we integrate multi-dimension of ranking evidences     , i.e. Experimental Study
The goal of the experimental study is to evaluate the effectiveness of CyCLaDEs. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. A text document can be viewed as a set of terms with probabilities estimated by frequencies of occurrence. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method    , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. Considerations other than pure utility values such as income and fairness might need to be taken into account. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. With these choices    , nearby objects those within distance r have a greater chance p1 vs. p2 of being hashed to the same value than objects that are far apart those at a distance greater than cr away. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. Experimental design and conditions
The results of the study raises methodological questions with regard to the specification of the interactive task and the topics. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. Its time complexity mainly depends on l. We denote dmax to the largest number of paths end in an arbitrary node with length no more than l. The time required for scanning each node is Odmax log dmax    , including the time used for searching candidate nodes    , sorting candidate nodes by their ranks    , and allocating influence. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in 
1. Preparation 
Invitation 
Kick
Related work
Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist    , too. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Twenty-one participants were recruited from the UMD community.