Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. Tabuchi et al. an MS-Word document. Word- net 7  , Wikipedia 29 etc. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. TRECCHEM defines two independent retrieval tasks namely the Technology Survey and the Prior Art Search. Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. Learning. As explained in Section 4.1  , the domainspecific query expansion will add  , in mean  , 10 new terms to each query. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. , its model encoding cost  , is simply taken to be its length  , thereby preferring shorter expressions over longer ones. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. To ensure the significance of our results  , all results shown are the average of a 10 times cross-folding methodology. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. Comparing with the fact lookup engines of Google and Ask.com  , FACTO achieves higher precision and comparable query coverage higher than Google and lower than Ask.com  , although it is built by a very small team of two people in less than a year. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. The results suggest that learning to identify successful interaction patterns between a predictable grasp controller and a class of object geometries is more efficient than learning a control policy from scratch Q-learning. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. issues from a viewpoint of robot learning: a coping with a " state-action deviation " problem which occurs in constructing the state and action spaces in accordance with outputs from the physical sensors and actuators   , and b learning from easy missions mechanism for rapid task learning instead of task decomposition. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. For example  , a query with a regular path expression " chapter3/ */figure " is to find all figure elements that are included in chapter3 elements. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. In particular  , each operand in a Figure 4 : From a regular expression to a probabilistic automaton. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. The enhancement introduced to the query expansion approach also resulted in an improved P@30 compared to Baseline13 and the improvement was found statistically significant. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. We will call this type of reward function sparse. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. In Task B  , we have evaluated our system in query expansion stage. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. These procedures can make non-uniform quantization of the state space. First  , in GOODXl  , it is hard to factor out the infu encc of the X-tree architecture and the parallel readout disks on the results ohtaincd. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. For instance  , let us suppose that we start with 5 links from each search engine links 1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 and select the 1 st from 1 st engine  , 3 rd from 2 nd engine  , and 5 th from 4 th engine. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. In our work we make use of this property by deeming two words to be lexical paraphrases if the cosine similarity between their word embeddings is sufficiently high. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. We determine which of the two components obtains greater improvement if incorporated  , search for the best parameter for this component  , fix it  , and then search for the best parameter for the other component. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. Recent works alleviate this problem by introducing pseudo users that rate items 21  and imputing estimated rating data using some imputation tech- nique 39. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. For example  , a LIFO ordering policy is equivalent to a stack. The NDCG plots for the user independent rating imputation method are shown in Figure 4. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Experiments in the previous section confirmed our conjecture concerning the benefit of query expansion in a distributed searching environment. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. In the effort labels missing case  , since only the effort labels of part of samples are missing  , the imputation problem can be considered as a semi-supervised learning problem. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. Therefore  , once we obtain the occurrences of the regular expression in the token sequences  , we need to restore the original text strings. While serendipity is difficult to design for by definition  , it can be supported through discriminability: it is important that it is obvious to a user when such items come into view – that the descriptions of items make their nature clear. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. Vector construction. is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. For the query expansion experiments  , the Terrier 27 software was used. to transform one string to the other. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. The typing rules should be improved to deal with precise type expressions as in the previous version of the  With the improvement  , the function body is well- typed. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. the " community age " . Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. User-provided Mapping. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. First  , if the class label of the document is given  , denoted as y d   , we represent the document in the topic space as More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. The full collection consists of over a billion web pages  , while the English-language subset is comprised of 503 ,898 ,901 pages. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. a X position b Z position utilized Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. The top 100 of these documents were then used for query expansion and then intersected with the documents of the test collection. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. The † and ‡ symbols indicate that the achieved improvement of SQEEX−RM over the expanded and unexpanded lists  , EX-RM-NP2 and EX-RM  , is statistically significant at p<0.01. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. Two novel methods that were explored relied on the notions of modularity and just-in-time sub-grammar extraction. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. For the default parameterizations of constant values and constant lengths it is easy to adjust the formulas given in the previous section. Query expansion with phrases suggested by the system 1. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. function based on this metric to zero. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. Note that when we plug in the newly-discovered functions into our search engine  , the same rules must be followed. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. Let a and e be an acronym and a query  , respectively. The third search strategy  , of course  , uses only the cross reference index on the field "COLOR." For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. Finally  , successive regular expressions are applied from the most to least specific to these sections. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. Spatial ability was measured by the Paper Folding tests and Stumpf's Cube Perspectives Test. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. looking for the synonyms of the query words. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . Finally  , GANS87 does not describe tactics that mix joins and outerjoins  , as we do. For the runs  , mon0  , mon3  , mon4  , and BKYMON  , 20 words were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion; and for the runs  , mon1 and mon2  , 40 trigrams were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion. Popular non-averagereward-based learning techniques such as Q learning are effective at the action level  , but not at the task level  , because they do not induce cooperation  , understood as the division of labor according to function and/or location. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. These are compared to Ouδ for the vector space method. , union operators. Secondly  , the address space cannot easily be changed dynamically. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. If the binding of the name EMP returns among others an identifier ii  , then the scope in which it makes sense to bind the name SAL is nested If this set is pushed as a new scope onto the stack then the search for bindings for SAL will find the object representing the salary of the given employee  , as required. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. Section 3 describes query expansion and retrieval. To handle the aforementioned challenges  , we propose the Spatiotemporal Search Topic Model SSTM to discover the latent topics from query log and capture their diverse spatiotemporal patterns simultaneously. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. The query relaxation engine should automatically determine similar entities and use them for query expansion. We used a Perl expression to find all links on a page  , with a regular expression that matched <a href= .. /a>. Then  , with the window with the code in it displayed  , we would observe the user dragging out a rectangular region to capture the lines of code in this older version of the function that are of interested to them  , so they can bring it forward in time to be pasted into the current version of the code. It takes as input a DTD graph G D and nodes A and B in G D   , and returns a regular expression recA  , B as output. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. As outlined in Table 4.1  , we used several different query expansions. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used. * to handle dynamic inputs. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. In the rest of this section we give an overview of how our approach automatically detects this vulnerability and generates the sanitization statement. The evaluation is given every 1 second. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. However  , it appears that reducing access to the collection has little or no effect in terms of unique relevant coverage as statistical test results indicated that for almost every access scenario and search strategy  , none of the access combinations showed any significant difference from the best performing access combinations. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. Given an event expression  , E  , we now show how to build an automaton Ms. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. The candidate of route is generated randomly. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. For example  , the context around Obama during elections is quite different from the context for presidential speech or international visit. Summary. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. with no inter-robot communication  , learns when to switch  , and what role to switch to  , given the perceptual state of the world. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . " Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. One robot moves and sweeps the line of visual contact across the free space  , thus mapping a single region of free space. Table 2shows the results. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. Our goal is to guess the best rating. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. For topic 100  , query expansion reduces the variation due to restatement of the topic as one would hope. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. The titles of the topics were used as queries for this run. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. The role of B-Recogniser can be realised by both domain-tailored  , and domaintrained services. , q = 2t 2 + cos4tπ − 1 is generated. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. JQe apply the proposed method t o a simplified soccer game including two mobile robots Figure 5. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. To further mitigate the negative effect of mistranslated query terms  , many researchers have employed query expansion techniques. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. First  , we propose a novel model to support context-aware search. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. By taking average of all Errk t   , we can define error T opicErr in learning topics for each model as performs the same when Q = 100. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. Neither method regular expressions or language model for classifying questions was ideal. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. The experiments show that the local approach is indeed superior to the global approach  , both in terms of accuracy and quality of the completed databases. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. When models are incorrect  , a local optimal policy may be planned which will affect the exploration in the environment  , because the agent may attempt to exploit the planned greedy policy as using non-active exploration action selector. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. To do this  , we use the following strategy: We sort the input leaf set according to the pre-order of tree T. Starting with an empty tree T   , we insert nodes into the tree in order. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. For samples smaller than this critical size  , the relative frequency of cases where the target expression can be successfully recovered decreases as is shown in Figure 4for the expressions example2  , example4  , andà1 and`andà1 a2 + · · · + a12 + a13 + a14 So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 Furthermore  , we apply the 'exact match' strategy. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. This tree is then passed to the second phase which performs dead code removal of statements that can be proven unreachable or are never used in a computation affecting the output of the source program being optimized. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. The details for these data sets are depicted in Table 1. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. An example is given at the beginning o section 4. method is described in  13; the algebra A itself is a contribution of this paper. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. A key component of this measure. In relational databases  , query rewriting over SQL views is straightforward as it only requires view expansion  , i.e. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. The trail  , i.e. XML Schema supports a richer notion of types than Java  , based primarily on regular expressions. However  , these solutions almost always undermine model performance as compared to that of a model induced from complete information . The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. This leaves the whole question of the effectiveness of query expansion unresolved. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. For inference 17 use Variational EM. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. These successes sparked a flurry of activity in which P R M motion planning techniques were applied to a number of challenging problems arising in a variety of fields including robotics e.g. While those approaches also feature the negation of events  , precedence and timing constraints  , we believe that visual formalisms like V T S are better suited for expressing requirements . We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Word pruning. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. Further investigations regarding the data reconstruction ability of KM were done by looking into the compressed 1 http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/labs/compbio/LibB sizes of the data; To compress the data with missing values   , KRIMP typically requires 30% more bits than it does to encode the original data. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . l. , 2004 This year we have sixteen classes of patterns. The parameters for factoid-questions were the use of hypernyms  , the use of hyponyms harvested from large corpora i.e. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. -PAR 1 is set to maxobj = 100. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. To give the reader an intuition of how fault-revealing properties can lead users to errors  , Figure 9 provides examples   , from our experiments  , of fault-revealing and nonfault-revealing properties for two faulty versions. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. In this strategy  , instead of query expansion  , we first calculate a relevance score based on the original keyword query Q. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. Local. The an* expresses all sequences that have exactly one ui. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. the rows are in depth-first order of the nodes in the subtree. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. This approach introduces more noise  , but guarantees that every query will be expanded. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. As the level of pruning is decreased  , the search space expands and the time of recognition increases as indicated by the increase in the RT factor. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. 5 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Grossman et al. descendant represents a flatten-structure transformation using descendant axis and constructs a tree whose size is 66.7% of the input XML data. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. The Q-learner does not have to select the last role it was executing before it died. One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. This is not the shortest  , or best possible query  , but is adequate for the purposes of this discussion. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. First  , the computational cost of learning the optimal Q values is expensive in the first stage. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. In this paper  , we study the general missing situation of effort data and consider that the incompletion of effort data comprises drive factors missing and effort labels missing. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. , 2010. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. Finally  , in a study of term sources for query expansion during user-intermediary retrieval  , Spink 4 found that the most effective query expansion terms came from users. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. 2 In Definition 2.3  , a term is a normalized class of tokens that is included in the system's dictionary. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. Presenting an approach to construct a domain-dependent lexicon for identifying expansion concepts. Integrating Queries and Browsing. , sn of states such that for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n  , there exists a transition si−1 e i → si. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. In our experiments the optimal number of user groups was found to be two  , which was later used when computing the predictions for the final test set. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. The documents which contained sentences chosen by users were used for query expansion. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. We only require that a special markup syntax  , a marker  , is available for denoting where holes occur in the source text of a template page. As a result of age identification  , 9185 visits were classified as adult  , 5747 as elder  , 581 as teen  , 273 as child  , and 3248 had no age information. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. Another retrieval model we explored this year is the latent concept expansion model LCE 18. Only Query Q: We performed API search using the initial query Q provided by organizer only. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. In this work  , we pursue the same direction but using a query expansion technique different from those used by previous researchers. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. For general or complex prob lem spaces  , such heuristic based search techniques are almost always more e5cient and certainly more interesting. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. Table 1  , column c reports the average percent failure rate observed for each object. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. As ωn represents a fragment of one of the source columns B k being copied  , we need a model for the copying operation. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. However its phrasing significantly differs from the phrasing of the other two {b  , d}. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. So  , the approach determines that h2 and h3 are decisive semi-constant HTTP requests. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. Sort-based bulk loading is a well established technique since it is used in commercial database systems for creating B+-trees from scratch. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. This work tests the hypothesis that term diagnosis can effectively guide query expansion. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. The first step parsed the topic text into a set of relevant string entities and entity types  , the second step expanded entities with synonymous terms  , and the third step created a Boolean query expression from the resulting lists of terms. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. Christensen et al. We cannot answer these questions easily by inspecting the stack trace and source code. State-of-the-art TempEx taggers such as HeidelTime 36 and SUTime 9  are based on regular expression matching   , handcrafted rules  , and background dictionaries. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Generally   , two different approaches were considered  , as shown in Figure 3. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. And learning coefficients q and a are 0.1 and 0.2 respectively. States s0-s3 and transitions t0-t3 are determined from the PATTERN clause in a way similar to that of determining FSM states from a regular expression. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r The implementation of query expansion used for TREC-9 differs from this in two main ways. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. , bots. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. In examples  , we use the short hand a → r to define the rule a  , //a ⇒ r specifying that the children of every aelement should match regular expression r. Example 5. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Although printable sensors may lack the robust structural strength and reliability of other sensors  , they have many potential applications such as low-cost rapid prototyping and manufacturing of customized designs in residential homes. Therefore  , for each hinge  , the trace height was determined empirically to ensure sufficient folding without excessive warping or peeling. To compare the performance of different query expansion patterns  , we used the top 1  , 000 tweets returned by API. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Moreover  , we develop a refined query expansion mechanism that uses the fields. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. We compare the results obtained with the different query expansion techniques and their combinations in the Results section. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. The topic expansion interaction proceeds as follows: 1. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. However  , most related researches available make use of query expansion  , and therefore  , that method was of interest to our team as well. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. A substring of the elementtext of an HTML tree is denoted as string source. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. These expansion terms were also structured and assigned with a weight that was one third of the original term to avoid query drift. We believe that our approach is more realistic in the long run. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to consider the problem of refreshing result entries in search engine caches. Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. Thus  , this regular expression is used. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . , the pattern name may end with an asterisk  , while the other strings are either standard strings or strings composed of the single character '_'. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. These operations Table 1b are more complicated than simple search-and-replace of a constant string by another in two ways. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. In diversity task  , we can consider each query expansion as an aspect or sub-topic of the origin query. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. Both methods use query expansion. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. In the three long query results  , nttd8le is query expanded  , nttd8l has no query expansion and nttd8lx is a hybrid of nttd8l and nttd8le. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. The main difference with Eq. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. , query expansion and document expansion. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. ,answers  , questions or users. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. , jump. The former corresponds to method behavior of the GIL0-2 class and the latter to the GIL0-2 collaboration. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. The Stack Overflow API is one of the search APIs used in their work  , and their approach captures the context in a similar fashion to the work by Cordeiro et al. When done folding the chain  , the user saves the new formation and gives it a name. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. In our work  , we use four pairs to calculate a candidate transformation. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. A method for the second element  , that is  , grasping the end of the deformed cloth  , will be discussed in the future. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. , semiautomatic  , user-mediated  , or userassisted . Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. The ellipse foot is arranged with its major axis in line with the running direction. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. , name of people  , organizations  , locations  , etc. A query is expanded using words or phrases with similar meanings to increase the chance of retrieving more relevant documents 14. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. Simulation results reveal that uniform tracking performance with ~=0.017 rad one dcgrcc can casily be achicvcd with thc learning factor q chosen somcwhat freely. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." In our case , In the second step  , a prototypical retrieval system based on Lucene 6 is implemented   , incorporating both an automatic and an interactive mode for query expansion. An empirical study by Kristensen 26 compared single-step automatic query expansion of synonym  , narrower-term  , related term  , combined union expansion and no expansion of thesaurus relationships. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. Experiments showed that query expansion by via of gene name dictionary could improve recall rate greatly. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. WE metrics using word2vec 4. The ability to undo incorrect transforms is an important requirement for interactive transformation. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. For nugget extraction  , we maintain sentences as the text unit. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. If the specified imputation strategy is: the missing elements follow a certain distribution with given expectation and variance  , then X rv is a random vector 12  , x i 1   , 9  , x i 2   , 40 and X mis = x i 1   , x i 2   , where x i 1 and x i 2 are both random variables following the given distribution. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. Judges could browse a book sequentially or jump to a page  , browse using the hyperlinked table of contents  , search inside the book  , and visit the recommended candidate pages listed on the Assessment tab. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. We illustrate our second example within I-Share  , Illinois' statewide integrated academic and research library system. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. One element name is designated as the start symbol. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Notice that LSA representations for diierent K form a nested sequence   , which is not true for the statistical models which are expected to capture a larger variety of reasonable de- compositions. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. Relevant expansion terms are extracted and used in combination with the original query the RM3 variant. Section 3 describes the document and query expansion model. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. Finally  , we will present details on how we train our relation language model for query expansion. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. We case-fold in our experiments. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. The third alternative is to first swap SWB the top two bits on the stack before ANDing or ORing the new search result with the top bit. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. Recall that ROOTS is the set of edges from ²ÖÓÓØ to roots in the semistructure. The word pairs with highest association scores are {AI+4  , CP+0}  , {PG- 1 ,GH+0}  , {EE-4 ,EL-3} and the corresponding regular expressions are CPxxAI  , PGH  , EEL. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. Second  , calculation of the control action aCL is typically extremely fast compared to calculating or approximating an entire action-value function Q*. As it is well known in the IR literature  , query expansion helps to address the problem of word ambiguity. In the case where a typical low-speed robot is used  , the proposed model cannot be applied  , and the appropriate deformation of the cloth cannot be achieved. We use grid search to set the best parameters on the development portion  , and then evaluate all methods on the remaining 90% test portion. Expressions can be utilized to find literal values or potential new instances from the document. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. The the main idea is to start checking the constraint since the reading of the input database  , producing for each sequence in the database  , all and only the valid w.r.t. and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. For a fair comparison with manual CNF expansion  , our first bag of word expansion baseline also uses the set of manual expansion terms selected by predicted Pt | R. If c&h corresponds to the actual costs for evaluating the operations of the first set and costj is a close lower bound of the future costs  , A* search guarantees to find an optimal QEP efficiently. Some string-index technologies  , such as PAT-tree  1 I  , are proposed to improve the performance of various search functions  , such as prefix searching  , proximity searching  , range searching  , longest repetition searching  , most significant and most frequent searching  , and regular expression searching lo. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. The regular expression r2 = Σ + σ1Σ +   , in contrast  , was not derivable by iDRegEx from small samples. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. These two facts  , taken together  , suggest that an improved foot for the water runner would be both elongated  , and have folding components. A best-first search is used to build the correspondences of objects using three types of constraints. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Second  , we assess the extent to which the topical preferences emanating from the 12 metrics align with human assessments. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. Figure 11shows all 120 points in the topic 59 configuration. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. Our preliminary study shows that precision and recall of the system improve after integrating the new query expansion module. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. For each node  , both the key-value pairs and the regular expression of the corresponding URL pattern are illustrated. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. Indeed  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the scheduling of queries across replicated query servers. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. Average precision values are given in table 7. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. If two different strings occur in the same corresponding positions of two Web pages  , they are believed to be the items to be extracted. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . The conceptual-DFR run is based on re-ranking the results that are obtained from query expansion using keyword-based query context. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. Encounters between robots black lines as well as loop closing constraints red lines within a trajectory are generated by scan matching. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. The rewards associated to each executed action were computed based on the class assigned by the classifier: −1 for large errors  , −0.5 for small errors  , and +1 for correct actions. By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. CAD e.g. But finding the document and extracting it remains at least as difficult as interpreting the document file's original bitstream. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. Likewise a domain can accept all strings by default  , but parameterize itself by inferring a regular expression that matches the subcomponent values. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. Second  , term similarity with respect to the expertise domain is encoded in latent word features. It is typical in the biological or chemical domains  , to have interesting patterns that contain holes  , i.e. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. Then  , we use the TSTM to expand queries. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. We denote with θ the learning parameters of the function Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. ■ Second  , to check if a step that marks up distinctively structured parts of the text is complete  , we can use regular expression patterns: The respective XPath test can check if a piece of the document text matches a specific pattern  , but is not marked up accordingly . Let g i be the guard obtained from g i by replacing every parameter of lib by the corresponding argument passed to it at c. Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. the expansion dimension. Executing an action with a high Q-value in the current state does not necessarily return an immediate high reward  , but the future actions will very likely return a high cumulative reward. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. To encourage more participation  , a game-like interface is a promising approach. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. For example  , a mapping in the coordinate space of a dictionary which contains two identical elements would result in two identical coefficients  , each corresponding to the contribution of one of the identical dictionary elements. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. This discovery illustrated the power of using Google search results for query expansion. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. In addition  , in all phases of the maneuver  , the aircraft can benefit from the increased controllability offered by its wings without suffering significantly from increased drag. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. The results of the search in the subtree are stored in the bit stack in the delimiter with S=l. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. Other strategies for setting mean value and variance can also be adopted in our approach. The remaining expansions are combined into a new disjunctive query element that is added to the original query. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. Although improving upon the average performance of automated query expansion may be difficult  , we hypothesized that using human intelligence to detect incongruous individual or collective choices of expansion terms  , thus helping to avoid the worst expansion failures  , would improve the robustness of query expansion. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. , game posts and stickers are not available in IG L  , which is handled by using the imputation technique 36. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. For example  , a page's du value can be increased by folding in the stationary distribution of a random walk that resets to only that page  , exactly analogous to increasing and propagating yu. The visits observed appeared very social or recreational in nature. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo! In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. , xs:integer | xs:string* can be represented as a regular expression . A server name directive that may contain one or more fully qualified domain names or regular expressions defining a class of domain names. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. Consider for example Paul  , who is looking for the Microsoft internships web page  , which he has previously visited  , coming from the Microsoft main home page. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. This is equivalen t to the expression EnterPassword seq BadPassword. There has also been some work on the notion of converting path expression queries into state machines has been previously proposed in 3 ,14. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . AOs can either subscribe to a specific event or to an event pattern. We are currently working on improving class membership detection. Indeed  , there is no paper or manual available describing the machinery underlying Trang. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. This tag will be used when building index. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. The 3D Tractus height is being tracked using a simple sensor and the stylus surface position is tracked through a tablet PC or any other touch sensitive surface interface 5. The task of similar question retrieval implies ranking the pairs contained in the QA Corpora C according to their similarity to a query question q *   , producing a partially ordered set C such that its first element has the highest similarity the top  , say  , ten elements of which can then be returned as suggestions. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. Performance improves in TRIP in tight expansion w.r.t.  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. Each iteration of AO* search is composed of two parts. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. In this simulation  , the size of the cloth is 0.4 m × 0.4 m. Since the number of joints m  , n of the multi-link model is 20  , 20  , the link distance l is 0.02 m. In order to achieve dynamic folding of the cloth  , motion planning of the robot system is extremely important. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. However  , this definition does not account for dangling nodes i.e. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. An XQuery type e.g. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. The hypothesis we investigate by comparing these two clarification forms is whether short contextual environments in the form of snippets around the suggested query expansion terms help users in selecting query expansion terms. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The pruning comes in three forms. Binding a name n is performed by a search in the environment stack for one or more binders n29. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. Note that by construction there are no local minimain the potential field for each tixqi space. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. Smeaton et al. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. The test on the pile of 5 towels was also completely successful. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. the terms or concepts in question.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. Here  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning 20. Overall  , our findings demonstrate that the parameterized query expansion is an effective and flexible framework that can seamlessly incorporate multiple concept types. This engine was based originally on a number of pattern recognition tools collectively known as tgrep. We use Bo1 model 11 to get query expansion words. Then  , we describe the proposed concept-based temporal relevance model for query expansion. Cancel stops a search in progress. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work to focus on this problem. STIRS was developed such that any given module could be easily turned on or off to allow for multiple combinations of experiments  , i.e. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. For instance  , the regular expression ^Jjan uary ? While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Teleporting is a search strategy where the user tries to jump directly to the information target  , e. g.  , the query 'phone number of the DFKI KM-Group secretary' delivers the document which contains the wanted phone number 23. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. The expression " @regexx " evaluates to true iff x matches the regular expression regex i.e. If only multidimensional points are supported  , as in the k-d-B-tree 27  , mapping an interval  , value pair to a triplet consisting of lower bound  , upper bound  , and value allows the intervals to be represented by points in threedimensional space. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. First  , the ability to identify similar queries is in the core of any query-recommendation system. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. It was then shown in 5 that Q-learning in general case may have an exponential computational complexity. The directory space. We selected two corpora to work from. Each event expression consists of two clauses. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . The 2003 results were hindered by the limited development time  , which meant regular expressions were only created for a small subset of question types. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. Since our new BWESG model learns to represent words from two different languages in the same shared cross-lingual embedding space  , we may use exactly the same modeling approach to monolingual and cross-lingual information retrieval. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. We also do not differentiate between queries although the success of query expansion can vary greatly across queries. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. In all scenes  , the policies are learned incrementally and efficiently. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. , proportion of upper case characters that we tested are not good indicators of spam. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. For instance  , one concern selected in gnu.regexp captured code related to the matching of a regular expression over input spanning multiple lines. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. For example  , in CIDE 22  , developers can create views on a specific feature selection  , hiding irrelevant files and irrelevant code fragments inside files  , with standard code-folding techniques at the IDE level. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. In fact  , in our example the developer would be likely to have been able to complete the task by analysing the number one element suggested on the second iteration Figure 2. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. It was important to make the best use of the previously tagged documents  , and to ensure that regular expressions used by the system were not too specic as to require multiple expressions for a single question construct. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. Our proposed models further improve upon the Baseline  , Multi-task. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. Accordingly  , we approximately represent this C-Space by a directed graph referred to as " manipulation-feasibility graph 3; we' conslruct nodes of the graph by discretizing the C-Space  , ana connect the nodes with directed arcs. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! , passages which match all/most query words get priority. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. , record r 5. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. , UDInfoMINT. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. Almost all work in expert ranking so far primarily deals with only document and author nodes and the proposed models do not seem easily extendible when additional sources of information are available. The key characteristics of this run is the 10 minute time limit imposed on topic expansion. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. In the next Section  , we review related work on various query expansion techniques. In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. Tweet Timeline Generation TTG is a new task for this year's Microblog track with a putative user model as follows: " I have an information need expressed by a query Q at time t and I would like a summary that captures relevant information. " In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. The resulting  , much smaller  , document set is then examined with a full-power regular expression parser. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. In this paper  , we also studied the relationship between query lengths and improvements by query expansion. Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. ENUM " between slashes. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. P θ is the original query model as described in section 2  , e is the expansion term under consideration  , and w is its weight. Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . The first node of root in the FP-tree has item-id and pointer. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that studies academic query classification. 3. Overall  , Harman's method is not particularly good  , achieving a mean precision only just better than the best automatic query expansion search. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. , Hadoop Distributed File System. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. The most likely k terms according to the relevance model generate the expansion candidates.