We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. Connections is composed of two main parts: context building and search. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Ideally the Kendall-τ 3 Similar results were also observed for Pearson correlation but not reported due to lack of space. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " All queries within a search session were assigned the same classification. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. The engine returns a search result list. Our work builds on this paradigm. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. Search Design. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. A search session within the same query is called a search session  , denoted by s. Clicks on sponsored ads and other web elements are not considered in one search session. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. Experience The main effect of the searchexperience attribute 1 if search  , 0 if experience shows a higher conversion rate for search products online at 0.003207. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite.  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. The evaluation is given every 1 second. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. General query optimization is infeasible. Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 3. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . In dynamic environments  , autonomous robot systems have to plan robot motions on-line  , depending on sensor information. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. RDMA measures the deviation of agreement from other users on a set of target items  , combined with the inverse rating frequency for these items. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Synthetic expression generation. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Entry level prediction evaluation is performed by calculating the Goodman and Kruskal's gamma GK-Gamma for short correlation. The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. Table 1presents the results. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. In many previous works on segmentation  , dynamic programming is a technique used to maximize the objective function. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. Rather than applying the concept to dynamic programming  , this paper applies the concept to experimental design. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. Garlic's optimizer employs dynamic programming in order to find the best plan with reasonable effort S+79. By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. The Pearson correlation coefficient is 0.669 p<0.0005 indicating a similar relationship between the actual and estimated pre-release defect density. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. The only real difference is the way the cost of subplans are computed. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Origin pages are the search results that start a search trail. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. In addition  , a global search technique is also supported. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. The goal of aggregated search is to combine results from multiple search engines in a single presentation. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. We are currently investigating a dynamic programming technique that improves on this performance. Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. We can appreciate the high correlation of the curves  , which corresponds to a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.864. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. For example  , Croft and Harper 1979 showed that a cluster search can retrieve relevant documents in many cases when a search based on a probabilistic model fails. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . All the other classes use internal recognize functions. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. More specifically  , We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. To generate these search results  , the queries were submitted and logged through our proxy server  , which then retrieved and logged the search engine responses and displayed them to the user in the original format. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. Typically  , redirection methods are useful in the Java programming language as it does not support the late-binding on dynamic types of method parameters. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. A third belief is that the freshness level considerably influences search Money paid to search engine Others ranking. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. Each block was given a final score based on its rank position and length. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. We showed the optimization of a simple query. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. after completion of the search  , the subject was asked to complete a post-search questionnaire. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . The earlier we detect the impossibility  , the more search efforts can be saved. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. Figure 1reports these scores. Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. Therefore  , the learned estimator is not limited to a specific search engine or a search method. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. However  , it is also interesting to observe the behavior of our dynamic programming based method for low and high range of penalties. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. Based on the user similarity  , missing rating corresponding to a given user-item pair can be derived by computing a weighted combination of the ratings upon the same item from similar users. This complexity arises from three main sources. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. This further substantiates the finding that search features support as well as impede information seeking 1. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. This implementation does not include possible improvements such as inverse user frequency or case amplification 15 . In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. To compare ranking quality  , we also computed nDCG for the best-scoring related approach ESA  , where it reaches 0.845: as Figure 4shows  , our approach scores also beats that number significantly. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. Modern search engines log a large number of user behavioral signals to improve and evaluate their effectiveness. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold  , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. result abstracts at lower ranks. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. After subjects completed the initial query evaluation  , they were directed to a search engine results page SERP containing a list of ten search results. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. ReadUp provides a search mechanism modelled on the incremental text search mode of GNU Emacs 19. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. It is hoped that the combination of these features will allow the user to accomplish a search task more easily and also to leverage the serendipity involved in their search. is developed1. Since the surveys  , there have been a few papers which gave comparable or better results than Pearson correlation on some datasets. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. Constructing an accurate domain-specific search engine is a hard problem. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. After each search task  , our participants were asked to complete a questionnaire eliciting their perceptions on how useful  , helpful and important the search features were during the search task. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. Definition 18. It also included a search box to allow users to search using keywords. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Since the number of users and items are usually large  , the feature spaces used for computing similarity  , such as cosine and Pearson correlation   , become high dimensional  , and hence  , hubness occurs. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. search /admin/../ Website's control panel that allows to publish  , edit or delete announcements. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Common similarity metrics used include Pearson correlation 21  , mean squared difference 24  , and vector similarity 5. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. Similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation between their rating vectors. Experimental results will be presented in the Section 4 comparing these heuristics. In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Pearson correlation coefficients were interpreted according to the widely accepted rule-of-thumb. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. If a search engine could be notified that a searcher is or is not interested in search advertising for their current task  , the next results returned could be more accurately targeted towards this user. Common " similarity " measures include the Pearson correlation coefficient 19  and the cosine similarity 3 between ratings vectors. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. We assume a user's previous search queries and the corresponding clicked documents are good proxies of a user's search interests. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . The pairwise similarity matrix wui  , uj  between users is typically computed offline. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. Development of a universal chemical search engine  , that could search by both text and substructures  , is a challenging problem. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. Notice also that we have chosen to search " worsefirst   , " rather than to search " best-first. " Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. When a category is selected from the category search view  , the concept search is restricted to the concepts belonging to the selected category. For the CI4OOI collection Figure 5b the bottom-up search does significantly better than the serial search at the low E end of performance. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. We can also observe the inertia of the crowd that continued tweeting about the outbreak   , even though the number of cases were already declining e.g. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. We envision three lines of future research. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents.