the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. Clustered multi-index. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . CH3COOH. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. The power of topic modeling is that it allows users to access records across the institutional boundaries of individual repositories; in Table 5the top ten records come from five different repositories. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. Using such data presentation i.e. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. Siena is an event notification architecture . In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. The patterns are described in Table 2. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. quicksort. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. Characterizing predictability. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Internet advertising is a complex problem. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. Figure 5shows the experimental results. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Triple Pattern Matching. In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests.