Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. Figure 6shows the simulated evolution of four different mutation rates. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. We identify two families of queries. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. An resolution strategy is the policy for evolution with respect to the his/her requirements. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. We first study how to support efficient random access for fuzzy type-ahead search. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. This reward function gives relatively more priority to reducing the distance to the goal than to reducing the size of the command  , and the robot will apply larger torques to reduce the distance to the goal more quickly. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. Dynamic programming efficiently solves for a K for each possible θ   , i.e. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. Product Search and Bing Shopping. However  , in certain cases  , these changes may need to review the rules affecting other features  , but the divide-and-conquer strategy used for the design phase  , makes this task easier. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. We verified this by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient ρ between the search performance of the different settings captured by MAP  , as reported in Figure 7a  , and the alignment quality in terms of precision and recall for relevant entities  , as reported in Figure 9a. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. Section 4 is the result discussion. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Fig. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. From the content of these pages  , it was evident that they were designed to " capture " search engine users. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is done by adding  , to the control current  , the current equivalent to these torques and is given by where C is the stiffness of the arm. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. Expansion is followed by query translation. Qin and Henrich 2G  have pursued an AND-parallel approach which generates random subgoals and t ,hen tries to connect theni in parallel with t.he initial and final configurations. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. It remains unchanged. after completion of the search  , the subject was asked to complete a post-search questionnaire. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Therefore  , the scan task is also responsible for returning the sorted records to the host site. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. A personalized search is currently missing that takes the interests of a user into account. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Then we can modify the controller input For a repetitive task  , the transfer function of the system will be the same. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. After a random number of forward and backward movements along the ranked list  , the user will end their search and we will evaluate the total utility provided by the system to them by taking the average of the precision of the judged relevant documents they has considered during their search. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. This work is structured as follows. Optimizers based on dynamic programming typically compute a single cost value for each subplan that is based on resource consumption. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. This ID is used to identify the result of the classification. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. A hierarchical structure to the data alone does not completely motivate hierarchical modeling. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . Plotting the singular values in a Scree plot Figure 1 indicates that after the 4rth dimension  , the values begin to drop less rapidly and are similar in size. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. In this paper  , we have presented a novel method for learning to accurately extract cross-session search tasks from users' historic search activities. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. Search trails are represented as temporally-ordered URL sequences. While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. In this model  , Web users discover new pages simply by surfing the Web  , just following links. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. These latter search tasks both presume a very small set of relevant documents. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. Obfuscate a user's true search intent to a search engine is very difficult: we need to first identify the search intent  , properly embellish it before submitting to the search engine  , such that the returned search results are still useful. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. We found that electrons are transferred from outer tube to the inner tube with charge transfer density of 0.002 e/Å. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. The engine returns a search result list. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. The above question can be reformulated as follows. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function The capacitor's recommended value is given as 0.022 uF. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. aspects. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. In other applications such as personalized search and query suggestion  , random walks are used to discover relevant entities spread out in the entire graph  , so a small restart probability is favorable in these cases. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. None of the classical methods perform as well. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. We had a collection of 973948 messages from the Microsoft.public. For a high performance system with an end-effector mounted camera  , mechanical vibration in the structure will be part of the overall closed-loop transfer function. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. hill there may exist a better solution. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. We next present our random forest model. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " Our research seeks to explore such techniques. In this paper  , we adopt the approach taken in 12  , where controlled queries are created  , as opposed to probabilistically generating random queries as suggested in 3 . 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. The presented results are preliminary. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. The model of score distributions was used to combine the results from different search engines to produce a meta-search engine. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 .  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. Therefore Lye have the following result. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. From the above results  , we conclude that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept " current document rank " although we do not explicitly provide this concept in the document representation. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. First we derive the total social value that arises in a particular period when a new ad makes a particular bid. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Therefore  , if the revolution of one roller is reduced some obstacle or problem  , the revolution of one of the other rollers is increased by the function of the differential gear  , and we can correctly transfer the motor power to the endoscope. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. For example  , when students conducted a search  , the system log included information about the time when the search is conducted  , the search terms used  , the search hits found  , and the collection that was searched. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. For a robot a significant proportion of the environmental changes are known and can be predicted in advance from the task program which the user defines via the supervisory computer. Consequently  , if a search by keywords is performed   , the same search using the title or the author will not return new results. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. To automatically determine the appropriate strategy for each negotiation  , we use meta-policies. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Following standard practice in work on queryperformance prediction 4  , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of permutations Qπ and their predicted performance  Qπ. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Note that the PLSA model allows multiple topics per user  , reflecting the fact that each user has lots of interest. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. 7represents the convergent rate of J. Randomly generate an initial population of particles with random positions and velocities within a search space. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. Common " similarity " measures include the Pearson correlation coefficient 19  and the cosine similarity 3 between ratings vectors. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. It is hoped that the combination of these features will allow the user to accomplish a search task more easily and also to leverage the serendipity involved in their search. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. A brief introduction to word embedding. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Internet advertising is a complex problem. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' To generate these search results  , the queries were submitted and logged through our proxy server  , which then retrieved and logged the search engine responses and displayed them to the user in the original format. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. Using such data presentation i.e. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. GP maintains a population of individual programs. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. Term expansion is used to find expanded terms that are closely related to the original query terms  , while relation path expansion aims to extract additional relations between query and expanded terms. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. This can be easily done using dynamic programming. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. syntactic and semantic information . It utilizes a heuristic to focus the search towards the most promising areas of the search space. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. Judges could browse a book sequentially or jump to a page  , browse using the hyperlinked table of contents  , search inside the book  , and visit the recommended candidate pages listed on the Assessment tab. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. In this way  , concolic testing does eventually hit the coverage points in the vicinity of the random execution  , but the expense of exhaustive searching means that many other coverage points in the program state space can remain uncovered while concolic testing is stuck searching one part Figure 2 b switches to inexpensive random testing as soon as it identifies some uncovered point  , relying on fast random testing to explore as much of the state space as possible. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. it changes the schema of the contained elements. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. For each search task  , participants were shown the topic  , completed a pre-search questionnaire  , conducted their search and then completed a post-search questionnaire. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. The behavior controllers are feedforward controllers which output the original trajectories expressed by the cubic spline function shown in Fig. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. As is well known  , the dynamic programming strategy plays an central role in efficient data mining for sequential and/or transaction patterns  , such as in Apriori-All 1  , 2  and Pre- fixSpan 10. SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. This property is called interlacing. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. For each window size seven  , 15  , 30  day  , we calculated the average role composition of each forum and measured the Pearson correlation between each pair of vectors and recorded the significance values. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. We now show that the transfer function resulting from our suggested output has all its zeros and poles alternatingly on the jw-axis. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. The corresponding z-domain transfer function is is the integrator output. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. Hydraulic position control loop design shown in Figure 4. fitted two human gait motion law   , according to structural dimensions of the knee joint bones to calculate the hydraulic cylinder piston rod desired position Yexp. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. These users specifically commented that they had low expectations for results  , because the words were just too " common " or because the search just was not precise enough. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! We first classify each query into different categories. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. Overall  , 30% of Search Quality sites and 50% of Safe Browsing sites rank low enough to receive limited search traction. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. Used features. It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Overall  , search started with random initial hub selection needed to rely on a much larger search scope and full-text hub selection for query routing among the hubs in order to obtain accuracy comparable to that started with interestbased initial hub selection. Another was to search for subjects of interest to the participant  , and to look through the search results until something worth keeping was found. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Components with only one motif were left out  , as they do not include information about the relationships of the motifs . In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . This can be perceived from results already. the expansion dimension. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. We make this exploration tractable by reducing the search space to a random subsample of the available queries. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. Therefore the effective relative access rate is 16/53=0.3  , which is twice the random 0.15. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Acknowledgments. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. MRAC was implemented into the real master device system . Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. This implies that  , if the transfer function from the input torque to some carefully chosen output can be shown to be passive  , a PD controller can be used to efficiently eliminate flexible link oscillations27. 12 mobile search query logs. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. Initialization. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. Typically  , redirection methods are useful in the Java programming language as it does not support the late-binding on dynamic types of method parameters. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. For each query  , we got the top results from each of these search providers  , and merged and deduplicated these to get 17 ,741 unique documents. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. 243–318 for an introduction. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. Others discuss how different forms of context and search activity may be used to cast search behavior as a prediction problem 5  represented search context within a session by modeling the sequence of user queries and clicks. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. Since our focus is on diagnosis  , not query expansion  , one of the most important confounding factors is the quality of the expansion terms  , which we leave out of the evaluation by using a fixed set of high quality expansion terms from manual CNF queries to simulate an expert user doing manual expansion. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. We design an initialization strategy to balance the above two approaches. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Consequently  , the search procedure changes from a random search t o a well informed search  , where the existence of the solution is known a priori. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. The pruning comes in three forms. Note that as the number of search points in the random selection increases  , the exploredlviewed space grows more uniformly measured as the standard deviation of the radius of every point in the viewed environment space. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. The evolutionary search method starts with a population of p random solutions. for some nonnegative function T . Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. 2005   , who show that explicit feature mapping is preferable to implicit feature mapping using   , for example  , suffix trees for support vector machine training and classification of strings  , when using small k-mers. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. After the search sessions were identified  , each session was classified as a re-finding session  , exploratory search session or single query session. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. In this experiment. Once the output utpet is calculated from ZPETC's transfer function 3  , the repetitive compensation is calculated . An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. It has been shown that the resulting transfer function does not suffer from open RHP zeros. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. This simulated evolution took much of the complexity of the system away and provided important insights on the specification of the predation strategy to be used with the real robots. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. It also contains a reference to the policy to which the instance is migrated if the condition evaluates to true. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. We start by determining a temporal weighting function for a collection according to its characteristics. The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. However  , it takes long time to recognize landmark. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. Only a mutation is used as the genetic operation. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. served as ranking criterion. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. Each randomized search used a distinct seed generated from a pseudo-random sequence  , and was limited to one hour of execution time and 2GB of memory  , with the exception of BoundedBuffer. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Therefore  , in these experiments we tested the improved heuristic computation using euclidean distance. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. One scenario is that no range information is available. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. The search site speed was controlled by using either a commercial search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a commercial search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. The average Pearson correlation between the four coders across the 1050 labels was 0.8723. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. Consequently  , the actuator's dynamics can be represented by a simple transfer function: of the external wrench w and with the choice of cts. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. However  , we can use dynamic programming to reduce the double exponential complexity. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. They use a bitmap of the workspace and and construct numerical potential fields. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. To address this discrepancy  , we now extend the topic-driven random-surfer model as follows: That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. We seek to promote supported search engine switching operations where users are encouraged to temporarily switch to a different search engine for a query on which it can provide better results than their default search engine. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Game theory seems to provide a natural setting to study these types of problem  , since it has been used in the past to successfully model other uncertain systems . The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. The closed loop frequency response is shown in figure 7. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. In Section 3  , topic-bridged PLSA is proposed for cross-domain text classification. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. 5.2 Structured search using search engines. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. an MS-Word document. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. Furthermore. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. At the same time  , we needed a language supporting both static and dynamic typing  , to reduce the differences between the experimental treatments. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine. From this plan  , detailed operational specifications are prepared that precisely define the "transfer function" of the control system. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. For this task  , dynamic programming DP has become the standard model. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. It runs alongside the search engine. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Optimization. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. Actually  , the fact of switching can be unambiguously detected only in a small part of the search sessions performed by users who installed the browser or the special browser toolbar plugin developed by a search engine 10. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. For instance  , younger users tend to click less frequently on results returned to them about persons older than them. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. To account for these situations  , we must slightly modify the strategy defined above to detect whether a method is part of a change chain. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. We then redefine each function which is owned by the terminal to be a call on a protocol transfer function: the name of the function and its parameters are passed to the remote-function-call function. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. Figure 2ashows the evolution of the trajectory in the x   , y  , and z directions   , respectively  , and Figure 2bshows the negative of ei for the collision avoidance subtask. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We conducted quantitative experiments on the performance of the various techniques  , both individually and in combination  , and compared the performance of our techniques to simple  , text-based compression. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. However  , we can derive the more interesting transfer function between actuator position/velocity and actuator force by viewing our system as shown in equivalence. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. The authors describe a technique which uses random walks to estimate the RankMass of a search engine's index. We will explain several groups of features below. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. This scheme led to a practical implementation and we demonstrated that it solves complex and realistic manipulation tasks involving objects and fingertips of various shapes. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. Random SearchAb1 : basic strategy : the ability to find task by moving random direction. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This behavior promotes the local cache. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. is non-proper. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The main strategy underlying SemDiff relies on a number of hypotheses we made on framework evolution. Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. American Financial Systems AFS developed their strategy by pursuing the following two goals: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the flail citation on the first page. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. We selected a 3rd- order Go so that the output of the controller is continuous. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. By adding virtual relevant documents generated by transformation of original documents to training set  , we could improve performance significantly. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. Another field closely related to our work is transfer learning . Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the programming model and its main entities: complets  , the relocatable application building blocks  , and complet references  , FarGo's main abstraction for dynamic layout programming. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. We also note that the method for personality prediction using text reports a Pearson correlation of r => .3 for all five traits. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Typical cost functions are: traversibility  , fuel limits  , travel time  , weather conditions etc. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. After that search is carried out among this population. some users ask navigational query in the current search engine to open a new one. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. and substituting the plant transfer function of Eq. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Quasistatic simulation results are illustrated by employing a three-fingered hand manipulating a sphere to verify the validity of the proposed low-level planning strategy. Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. In order to transfer the knowledge smoor;hly  , the state spaces in both the previous and current stages should be consistent with each other. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect.  Incorporating both context i.e. its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. Only these two changes are propagated to ICO. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. Search Design. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. The Pearson correlation coefficient is 0.669 p<0.0005 indicating a similar relationship between the actual and estimated pre-release defect density. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. The CSTR has two search options: the simple search a ranked search  , and the advanced search offering a choice between ranked or Boolean  , stemming on/off  , specifying proximity of search terms within the documents  , etc. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. If it has the leading position in the target market  , the organization usually takes the initiative in SPL evolution and prefers a proactive strategy. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. the original query. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. With these methods   , the right method according to the dynamic types of the parameters is executed. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the First  , they use a set of web-documents associated with an artist whereas we use multiple song-specific annotations for each song in our corpus. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. Rank-GeoFM/G denotes our model without considering the geographical influence. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. We are not surprised for this experimental results. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. The deviance is a comparative statistic. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. the steps in the explore phase and the randomly chosen agents  , let DT be the times that i receives the item under strategy S during the exploit phase before time liT   , i.e. However  , it has been shown by Spector and Flashner 9 that with noncollocated measurements such as tip position  , the resulting transfer function is non-minimum phase in character. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. See Figure 11for an example plan.