Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. In fact  , most of the known non-distributed probabilistic retrieval models propose a RSV computation that is based on an accumulation over all query features. This construction method builds up the query evaluation plans step by step in a bottom up fashion. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. reflect intent popularity over time ? While dynamic programming enables reasonably efficient inference   , it results in computationally expensive learning  , as optimization of the objective function during learning is an iterative procedure which runs complete inference over the current model at each iteration. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. However  , we employ clickthrough query-document pairs to improve segmentation accuracy and further refine the retrieval model by utilizing probabilistic query segmentation. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: WaveCluster  , after much tweaking of its settings   , came close to finding the visually obvious clusters. Similarly  , with h2q  , a threshold between documents 5 and 6 gives 3 errors documents 10-11 incorrectly classified as relevant  , and document 1 as non-relevant  , yielding an accuracy of 0.73. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Note the achieved MAP values can be further improved. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . Using dynamic programming the energy consumption from the initial position of the robot to any point on the grid can now be obtained.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. In order to discuss and motivate the inverse kinematic function approach  , we must first describe the forward kinematics of a manipulator. , resource content  , RDF graph structure  , schema information to answer keyword queries with a set of diverse results. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. We then issued ½¼¼¼ queries selected at random from a publicly available trace of the Excite search engine  , starting with an empty cache. It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. Additional controls support conditional flow  , dynamic type checking  , synchronisation  , iteration etc. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. In this section we will set the above optimal control problem in a standard framework such that dynamic programming can be used to approximate the solution. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. We formalized the frontier prioritization problem as a search-centric optimization problem  , where the objective is to maximize the impact of the crawled collection on the result quality of the search engine. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. In Section 4  , we discuss details of our experiments. We propose a new  , probabilistic model for combining the ranked lists of documents obtained by any number of query retrieval systems in response to a given query. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. We submitted ve oocial CLIR runs and scored an additional four unoocial runs locally  , as shown in Table 2. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. Turning to the models proposed in this paper  , the BEX approach alleviated the risk of temporal conditioning of search results for in comparison to EXP. With backtracking   , the worst case is that we have to search through the whole tree and the run time become exponential. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. In general   , these approaches can be characterized as methods of estimating the probability of relevance of documents to user queries. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Since conversations are open with more than one appropriate responses  , MAP and nDCG scores indicate the full capacity of the retrieval systems. Many projects have already demonstrated substantial success in applying this idea to crowdsourcing settings; this applies most prominently for games-with-a purpose GWAPs 27  , which build a game narrative around human computation tasks such as image labeling 26  , protein folding  , 5 or language translation. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. Recent work by Godefroid et al 11  , 25 explores DART  , a symbolic execution approach that integrates random input generation. For swiss-roll we use K = 530. We will use the following strategy: We will use a dynamic program to find the interface – the paradigm can be viewed as Dynamic Programming meeting being used for Divide and Conquer. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. With the dual goal of relevancy and diversity  , we design a two-stage framework to find a set of questions that can be used to summarize a review. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. For each FSM  , a shortest path problem is solved simultanously  , stressing a dynamic programming approach. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. For more through treatment  , see 7. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. Also weighting methods should be tested: Does weighting affect CLIR queries similarly as monolingual queries ? In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. We have applied Aspect-Oriented Programming AOP to collect dynamic information. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: It converges reasonably close to the optimal solution although it is very slow many minutes. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. The self-folding time was also relatively short. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. , J ,-and JZ are performed in parallel. Both problems are solved optimally in tree structures using dynamic programming DP. To correct this effect  , we further issued a random sample of 118 queries to Google's search engine with site restriction to Yahoo! While the real-time feature of the presented collision detection method is not essential in planning applications   , there are performance rewards for efficient collision detection. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. One of the main objects of the project is to bring together these two strands of work on indexing and searching. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. GP maintains a population of individual programs. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. Given a query Q and a tweet D  , the relevance í µí± í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±  , í µí°· can be computed as follows: Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. MUST currently uses all the possible translations for each content word and performs no weight adjustment. , stratified by community  , or biased by community; 2 investigating non-random labeling patterns and their impact on error correlation for different collective inference methods ; and 3 investigating how characteristics of relational data affect the power of statistical tests i.e. This experiment used three kinds of index  , 1 Dissimilarity: the cost of search using index structures chosen by the dissimilarity function. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. We limit random walks within two steps. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. In order to generate queries providing high precision coverage of the answer space for a given question  , custom rules were developed providing a mapping from a given question type to a set of paraphrasing patterns which would generate alternative queries. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. We demonstrated that our dependence model is applicable in the information retrieval system by 1 learning the linkage efficiently in an unsupervised manner; and 2 smoothing the model with different smoothing techniques. , ligand docking 4  , 181  , protein folding 19 ,20. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . Using a labeled sample of the AOL query log  , we observed an exponential decrease in the likelihood that the previous m queries are part of the same task as m increases see Figure 3. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. During training  , we are looking for a w that minimizes q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y usually added to some regularization penalty like w 2 2 on the model. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. Because the small programs apparently contained no errors  , the comparison was in terms of coverage or rate of mutant killing 21  , not in terms of true error detection  , which is the best measure to evaluate test input generation techniques. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. The total time complexity is Onk where n is the number of tree nodes. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. CAD e.g. LCA expansion gives higher precision at low recall levels  , which is important in a CLIR environ- ment. More isolated " true " examples contribute to its fitness value. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. 1. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. That is  , we choose 0.1 K+1 The intuition behind expanding according to the inverse uf is that among pages with similar IR scores  , pages with low uf are more likely to contain a short focused text fragment relevant to the query keywords. In this paper we examined the Fulltext Search Profiling. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. The students who only used the digital libraries were more involved in activities such as conducting information searches  , skimming a website to locate a piece of specific information  , and copying information from the websites—activities that provide less opportunities for deep learning to occur than the high-level cognitive activities performed by the IdeaKeeper students 5. In this work  , we provide a systematic study on the ads clickthrough log of a commercial search engine to validate and compare different BT strategies for online advertising. We take a random sample of 2.5 million English tweets from this collection. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. It can be seen that the proposed CLIR model favourably compares with competitors on both evaluation sets  , even if score differences are not statistically significant. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. Kumar et al. , 19 decrement rule: Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. The ARMin robot that was built with four active DoFs in the first prototype has now been extended with two additional DoFs for the forearm in order to allow training of ADLs and an additional DoF to accommodate the vertical movement of the center of rotation of the shoulder joint. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. In Section 4  , we highlight the requirements for the design of an effective solution supporting collaborative privacy management . After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . We also show this in the demo. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. Weaker invariance will show up as less overlap in the band pattern. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. A dynamic programming approach which is similar to the classical system R optimizer 10 can be used to construct the query plan from small strongly connected sub-graphs. There is a change in the shuffles performed  , because the compare-and-swap direction is reversed for the second 4-item block. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. Finally  , in Section 5  , we summarize our work. To leverage this opportunity and address sparseness  , we employ imputation hereafter  , pc-IMP  as we can directly compute similarity between papers and citation papers  , unlike the case of the user-item matrix based CF which requires manual ratings. Figure  1shows the results. UsingRHOMEo we have realized a tool allowing a graphical dynamic simulation of a real control and programming system  , dealing with a variety of robotics applications. Focused crawling  , while quite efficient and effective does have some drawbacks. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. We therefore feel that our monolingual baseline for Chinese is a reasonable one. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. In principle  , a dynamic programming approach can be taken to determine optimal strategies for the partially-predictable case; however  , even for a simple planar problem the state space is fourdimensional . Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. Given an answer a  , a question q and a user u described by feature vectors x a   , x q and x u   , let the probability of them being a good answer  , good question  , good asker or good answerer be P xa  , P xq  , Pqstxu and Pansxu  , respectively. The approaches differ in what the GP is modelling. Tweets relevant to the event e are then ranked in ascending order with lower perplexity being more relevant to event e. Using the perplexity score instead of keyword search from each topic allows us to differentiate between the importance of different words using the inferred probabilities. , m q } where y qi = r which means i-th pair has rank r. The NDCG score for scene q is defined as 29 Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. An appropriate heuristic function is used to compute the promise of a path. C while the case of uncertain-membership will be labeled by L = {−1  , +1}. A key component of the retrieval model is probabilistic translation from terms in a document to terms in a query. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. tasks. Thus  , each agent acquired its action rules in or der to appro­ priately use those rules in various situations. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. As a result  , suggestions provided by task-based methods can be treated as complementary to results from session-based and random walk approaches. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. In 15 a cross-language medical information retrieval system has been implemented by exploiting for translations   , a thesaurus enriched with medical information. For tagging with batch-mode  , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . This indicates that the folding approach benefits from its strong mechanism to automatically and dynamically select a proper number of clusters. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. We now argue that an exhaustive search is necessary anyway for a driving application. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. In this study  , we have proposed methods for mimicking and evaluating human motion. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation We set the baseline using K = 1. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. 5. In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. , binary independence model 1 and language model e.g. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. We further present two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk for ranking different objects simultaneously. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. It is shown in Fig. The idea of constructing search trees from the initial and goal configurations comes from classical AI bidirectional search  , and an overview of its use in previous motion planning methods appears in 12 . Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. At this point we dispose of a sparse metric reconstruction . We have included two of the highly performing methods on 2012 CCR task as baselines. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. The top part shows the selected book's meta-data: its author  , title  , year of publication  , domain  , where it was obtained  , etc. , di ,N } are documents in language li  , i.e. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. To the best of our knowledge  , this is one of the first query log analyses targeting on expert search. For a more detailed discussion  , see 12. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. Garlic's optimizer employs dynamic programming in order to find the best plan with reasonable effort S+79. , prompt: Can you say more about that ?. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. So exhaustively selecting a query that maximizes the expected utility is computationally very intensive and is infeasible for most interesting problems. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. Any attempts to successfully characterize the intermediate structures or analyze common folding pathways  , either between multiple runs of a single protein or among the results of several proteins  , would hinge on an effective structural representation. For the official CLIR runs we tried these following configurations: For the post-hoc experiments  , we used PSE  , pre-translation query expansion  , one of four methods Pirkola's method  , Weighted TF  , Weighted DF  , or Weighted TF/DF  , and a probability threshold that was varied between 0.1 and 0.7 in increments of 0.1. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. Table 2shows show some of the phrase sets extracted from this paper. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. ranking: how should one rank sentences returned in a boolean environment  , so that the best possible sentences are given first to the answer extraction component ? They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! Even though the search space is very large  , it could be possible that a large percentage of all candidate designs are acceptably good solutions for this example   , a feasible solution  , which does not violate any task constraints  , is considered to be acceptably good. This implementation uses purely local comparisons for maximal efficiency  , and no global adjustments such as dynamic programming or graph cuts are used. This is actually a one-step random walk in search log 13. For each English query  , the gold standard geographic location Latitude  , Longitude was obtained by majority consensus among multiple commercial location search engines  , namely  , Google Maps™  , Windows Live Local™  , and Yahoo Maps™  , or by manually locating it on a map. Choice of programming language In order to facilitate our programmers   , we needed a language familiar to participants—otherwise the time required to teach and learn it would consume most of the experiment time. Therefore  , capturing and integrating as much information as possible in a proper way is important for conversation systems. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Departing from the dynamic programming framework also frees the approach proposed in this paper from requiring a specified initial and goal configuration. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. For example  , if we make the rather uncommon query " How do I remove tree sap from my car ? " This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. This model is adopted in this study for triple translations. Evolutionary summarization approaches segment post streams into event chains and select tweets from various chains to generate a tweet summary; Nichols et al. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. Thus planning  ,of graspless manipulation is transformed into finding a path in this C-Space. Second  , the system is extensible. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Accordingly  , objects {g  , h  , i  , j  , k  , l  , m} are grouped into the second cluster . Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. Moreover  , there are non-zero selfloop probabilities for every state. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . This cycle is repeated until the path is adequately refined. , document language. The search space is uniformly sampled at random. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Combined with the intensity measure  , these features point to a more temporally structured query. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. Queries were automatically formed from the title and description elds  , and we automatically performed limited stop structure removal based on a list of typical stop structure observed in earlier TREC queries e.g. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. , possibly hundreds of thousands lines of code. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. In the future  , we plan to utilize such constructions in order to provide a completely automatic formula revision framework. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . The complexity of this approach is exponential in the number of weights  , and consequently it cannot be used with more than a few such parameters. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. Informally speaking  , a sequence alignment is a way of arranging sequences to emphasize their regions of similarity. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. We employ a traditional dynamic programming based approach where the LCS length between two input strings LSQ1.m and LST 1.n is computed by finding the LCS lengths for all possible prefix combinations of LSQ and LST . The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b. Now  , recursively build both branches  , This method is an improvement in that it is symmetric and the tree struc-ture still tends to be well balanced assuming sufficiently random selection of the two points. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen Thus in a file where the records have several fields each  , all the first fields are stored together  , then all the second  , and so on. , strawberry  , aeroplane  , insect and activities e.g. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. Results on generating routes using an efficient form of dynamic programming are described in Section 5. 3.11M 7.4% of these are for documents which were classified as Single/In Window/Episodic in the previous section i.e. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. We show further evidence for this statement in Section 4.4. The focus is on the mission programming level for robotic systems operating in a dynamic environment. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. In this task  , the search latency was increased by a fixed amount that ranged from 0 to 1750ms  , using a step of 250ms. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The results have shown that the use of domain-specific resources for enriching the document representation and for performing a semantic expansion of queries is a suitable approach for improving the effectiveness of CLIR systems. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Quality of implicit transcripts. The precise probabilistic formulation was eventually formalized in 5  , 27 and appears to have been rediscovered by the IR community at large  , through the language modeling work of Ponte and Croft 19  , a few years later. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. This cost function is used by the dynamic programming search; a typical path for the Museum of American History took under lOOms to compute. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: In this section we introduce the governing strategies and mechanisms utilized in our query optimizer. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. We have tested these methods on implicit rating and rating imputation tasks while evaluating performance under two different methods of recommending embodied by GROC and CROC curve metrics. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. For more details  , see 3. 1 It can acquire translations for some out of vocabulary OOV queries without any need for crawling web pages. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the necessity of translating query terms  , which might differ from one term to another. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . In applying Q-learning to our task  , we have to define an action space. While missing demographic information can be obtained at a low cost  , missing test results can be significantly more expensive to obtain. The first two results are duplicates  , the third result is 8 years old  , and the fourth is not a course syllabus. If the number of clusters was less than 5  , the remaining documents were picked from the highest ranked outliers. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International Since our focus is on type prediction   , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. The following queries sd and gd translation = sd + gd translation of the topic " osteoporosis " represent all CLIR query types of the study and demonstrate the importance of structure in cross-language queries. Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. Inspired from lo  , the segments of articulation of each finger are concurrent at the wrist's middle point  , C   , as shown in Figure 2a. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. In particular  , we use the L2 i.e. The effect of resource quality on retrieval efficacy has received little attention in the literature. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. The exploration cost measures how well the policy performs on the target task. It replaces missing records by random draws from complete records from the same local area. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. However  , the involvement of the user in CLIR systems by reviewing and amending the query had been studied  , e.g. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. types of dynamic programming  eg search in a state space can be used to compute minimum-time motion trajectories. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. Figure 8 : Compare the F 1 score higher is better when using different groups of features. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Examples of these approaches are presented in 3 and 4 where frequency statistics are used for selecting the translation of a term; contrariwise  , in 5 and 6 more sophisticated techniques exploiting term co-occurrence statistics are described. Koyanagi and Kawai 6 consider two parallel queues with two classes of parts where a customer may be transferred to another queue by paying an assignment cost. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. We present a technique that transforms an unstructured bilingual dictionary into a structured one  , and experimental results obtained using that technique. We searched for English labels and synonyms of the FMA in Wikipedia. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. In the within-project setting i.e. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. However  , recent studies show that CLIR results can be better than monolingual retrieval results 24. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. Since the number of observations is small n = 31  , we fitted the proposed model with the order q = 1  , 2  , 3 and 4. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Moreover the total frequency has a good property for the dynamic programming strategy. , have a non-random date distribution 5 . With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Density-based methods identify clusters through the data point density and can usually discover clusters with arbitrary shapes without a pre-set number of clusters. Finally we decide to apply k=1 and k=0.75 respectively. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The Search interface requires careful query reformulation in " near-miss " situations  , whereas the Browse interface is more likely to provide links that will bring the user closer to the targets. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. On exploring the columns individually in Table 1   , we notice that the color histogram alone gives a fairly low rank correlation ranging between 0.12 and 0.23 across the three datasets  , but texture  , and gradient features perform significantly better improving the performance ranges to 0.20 to 0.32 and 0.26 to 0.34 respectively. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. There was some suggestion in the results that the three-way triangulated queries may have outperformed the direct translation. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. Search US query logs in February 2007. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. Inverse kinematics is an essential element in any robotic control system and a considerable research has gone in the last decades in identifying a robust and generic solution to this problem. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital  , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. Our optimizer explores both kinds of parallelism  , itrtza and inler-operation. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. We argue that the above conclusion does not hold in general. These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. STARS STrategy Alternative Rules are used in the optimizer to describe possible execution plans for a query. Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. Caching techniques should now target to minimize both random reads and sequential reads. the cutting blade. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. We then extend our MLRF formulation to train on the inferred beliefs in the state of each label and show that this leads to better bid phrase recommendations as compared to the standard supervised learning paradigm of directly training on the given labels. First  , among others  , Gini et al. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies   , namely migration and emulation. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. For example  , if we take a random set of words out of a book  , we are working in the space of all strings over a certain alphabet  , but in this particular case we are much more likely to encounter some strings  , like " the "   , than others  , like " xyzzy " . The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. Typical random assignments of shards produce imbalances in machine load  , even when as few as four machines are in use. While on the CLIR task PLTMs were configured with T=100  , 200  , 300  , 400  , 500  , 700 and 1k. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. 5 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. Specifically  , Fig- ure 1shows that the cost of a random read is only about two times of a sequential read in SSD. For an environment depicted in Fig. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. The client-side template engine uses two functionalities  , XMLHttpRequest XHR and Dynamic HTML DHTML  , which are available for scripts running on recent Web browsers. For Chinese news  , word segmentation and stop-word removal are applied. Another unique feature is the exploration of a new and automatic method for deriving word based transfer dictionaries from phrase based transfer dictionaries. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. The branching factor of the best-first search is thus a function of the number of terrain segments reachable from a given liftoff and the sample spacing of the selection procedure. As expected   , the QE method using a word translation model TM1 fails to improve the search performance. It provides a software toolkit for construction of mobileaware applications. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. of the window for each attribute was a random fraction of the domain range for that attribute. One final extension is required. The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. For example  , web pages for search tasks like " purchase computers "   , " maintain hardware " and " download software " are all linked with the Lenovo homepage 2   , and hyperlinks are also built among these web pages for users to jump from one task to another conveniently. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. In this section we give a brief survey of several developments in both of these directions   , highlighting interesting connections between the two. In this paper we focused on applying our optimization approach to PHP  , but our approach could be used with other programming languages. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. Our work  , on the other hand  , introduces cluster level constraints in addition to instance level constraints. Approximate solutions can be found by adjoining the constraints with a penalty function 13. As Figure 10 shows  , once a page starts to get noticed by Web users  , its popularity can jump almost immediately as long as the page is of high quality. However simulating jumpr ,s this way would cost s moves rather than one – see below. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. To our knowledge  , no theoretically well founded framework for distributed retrieval is known so far that integrates acceptable non-heuristic solutions to the two problems. Field 7 assumes no prespecified path but assumes quasi-static conditions of operation. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees.  Body-part names. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. Some MEDLINE records are extremely short and no abstract is provided  , although some of them are assessed as relevant to some topics. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . Tweet Timeline Generation TTG is a new task for this year's Microblog track with a putative user model as follows: " I have an information need expressed by a query Q at time t and I would like a summary that captures relevant information. " For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Our model shows a considerable improvement on the first task beating recent stateof-the-art system. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. Finally  , although user interface programming applies directly to traditional command line interfaces  , it is far more complex in the face of modern graphic interfaces 173. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. Finally  , we investigate whether Google Search personalizes results based on Web browsing history i.e. Here we introduce methods for estimating costs based on the most crucial cost source  , retrieval quality. Therefore  , unrestricted DSU is standard in many dynamic programming languages. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. 5  , 14  , traffic rules 6  , 81  , negotiation for dynamic task allocation 9  , 31  , and synchronization by programming 12  , 161. This study explores the effects of transitive retrieval and triangulation on no-translation cross-language retrieval. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. This technique has been applied to software engineering modeling MK92  , as well as other experimental fields. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. The paper is arranged as follows. This definition is similar to the edit distance for strings and the dynamic time warping DTW in speech recognition  , see 16 for an overview. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. This is what enables DIR to detect the equilibrium when pb = 1 ≤ 1 2 . In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Because Clarity computation is expensive  , we calculated Clarity only for a random subset of 600 queries drawn from our original query set. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. Because we have a much smaller testing set the curves are less smooth  , however  , SimpleRank clearly beats Random up to the first 2 ,000 examples. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. have been automatically extra.cted from Boolean queries  , and also where dependencies have been extracted from phrases derived from natural language queries by the user. In contrast  , the population of STEM instructors in our focus groups included non-users or potential users from a variety of colleges and universities who were not necessarily innovators. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. One of the receive transitions is chosen nondeterministically and the associated incoming message is returned. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. Our method does not require any labeled training data. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. This might be the case when a query is very short  , or when specific domain terminology e.g. 8. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. Knees et al. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. They analyzed a random subset of 20 ,000 queries from a single month of their approximately 1-million queries-per-week traffic. Consequently  , the search procedure changes from a random search t o a well informed search  , where the existence of the solution is known a priori. For each state-action pair  s   , a    , the reward r  s   , a  is defined. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. In the areas of pattern recognition and of machine learning  , a number of sophisticated procedures for classifying complex objects have been developed . In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. ABET also comes with a library of commonly used transformations  , e.g. Experiments on several large-scale real-world data sets indicated that the proposed approach worked much better than other systems by large margin. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. When variables' ordering is unknown  , one may generate many random orderings  , use K2 to learn structures  , and select the best ones 7. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. In this section  , we present an application of the proposed document ranking approach under the language modelling framework. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. , as provided by Solr 2  analyzes the contents of each text page performing lexical transforms such as case folding  , stop-word removal and stemming and creates for each term an index entry with references to the pages on which the term appears see Figure 1   , top. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. The designed method is purely empirical. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. Request permissions from Permissions@acm.org. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. We can see that DBSCAN makes the most mistakes  , whereas both SPARCL and Chameleon do well. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. hostname based is advisable. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Post-translation expansion and combining pre-and post-translation expansion enhance both recall and precision. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. These parts tend to be shorter. It seems tempting to make the assumption that terms are also independent if they are not conditioned on a document D. This will however lead to an inconsistency of the model see e.g. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. a syntactic component . With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. To further test the quality of the suggested queries  , CLQS system is used as a query " translation " system in CLIR tasks. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. We have tested three greedy search strategies: These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. Our final data set consisted of 224k search sessions  , corresponding to 88k users. The value of p o is an increasing function of K so that the range of utilizations over which the GS policy is more desirable increases as K decreases. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. In this section  , we study symmetric settings  , and show that we can identify the optimal marketing strategy based on a simple dynamic programming approach. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. The future retrieval problem was first presented by Baeza- Yates 3. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. , by tracking users on third-party Web sites. Our focus in this work is on evaluating search engines as they are used in practice. The key elements to achieve this dynamic folding of the cloth are: appropriate deformation to fold the cloth and grasping the end of the deformed cloth. In fact the accuracy and effectiveness of the programming  , simulation   , and control of the robot depend on the model of the robot. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: To determine the performance of the proposed approach when applied to CLIR  , we have conducted extensive experiments including the experiments with the NTCIR-2 English-Chinese IR task. For example  , in CIDE 22  , developers can create views on a specific feature selection  , hiding irrelevant files and irrelevant code fragments inside files  , with standard code-folding techniques at the IDE level. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. This work presents a tool that can help experts  , in addition to their traditional tools based on quantitative inspection of some relevant variables  , to easily visualize the evolution of the engine health. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". The other factor concerns the ability to choose the most common sense of a word  , this was not attempted using EuroWordNet and resulted in considerable erroneous translations. There has been a large amount of work dealing with term dependencies in both the probabilistic IR framework and the language modeling framework. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. Voronoi diagrams are surfaces constructed in such a way as to be equidistant from the obstacles and  , thus  , moving along these surfaces  , there is the certainty of not encountering any obstacles lo. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. We have implemented this approach within ACE and are exploring the time-space tradeoffs. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. A task is defined to be an application of a rule to a goal. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . The sparse utilization of the extremely large ID space makes it infeasible to identify random users by generating random IDs. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. It is therefore clearly misleading to cite performance on " easy " cases as evidence that more challenging outcomes are equally predictable; yet precisely such conflation is prac- 1 ticed routinely by advocates of various methods  , albeit often implicitly through the use of rhetorical flourishes and other imprecise language. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. The search function has several issues—the scroll bar shows pink markers where the results appear but there is no jump to hit. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. The main contribution of this work is a hybrid frontier prioritization approach that combines the two lines of work mentioned above. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. RQ1 Does the distributed representation-based approach that models user behavior as a sequence of distributed vector representations have better predictive abilities than the PGMbased approach that models user behavior as a sequence of observed and hidden events ? This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. This is illustrated with some simulation results. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. a and y of Equation 1 are assigned 0.1 and 0.9 respectively. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. Evidence from a variety of sources may be combined using smrctured queries to produce a final probabilistic belief m the relevance of a given document. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. 2 When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. Since an entity is not necessarily active at each time interval in the series it is possible to optimize Equation 2 such that T Si+1e will be dependent solely on the values of T Sje j ≤ i for which cje = 0. This OOB error estimate is also used later in the computation of variable importance. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Sheridan et al. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. The travel space together with a dynamic programming technique has the advantages of both  , local and global strategies: robustness and completeness. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Although operators must still design a survey template  , they are freed from the responsibility of specifying a survey location. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. The model representation is learned from data  , and the value function representation is computed. A document to n-gram index allows finding all ngrams that occur in a search result a list of documents. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. This shows that even if a high-quality MT system is available  , our approach can still lead to additional improvement. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. Typical full-text indexing e.g. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. 8  , populated by the objects we measured. For questions with the Qtargets Q-WHY-FAMOUS  , Q-WHY-FAMOUS-PERSON  , Q-SYNONYM  , and others  , the parser also provides qargs—information helpful for matching: The engine should also facilitate not only the searching for documents but also semantic teleporting. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. Based on the block-based index structure  , however  , the search execution is much more efficient. Also at runtime  , rules are basically compiled OzC code which allows for efhcient evaluation of conditions and execution of actions. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. So some works defined models that attempt to directly score the documents by taking into account the proximity of the query terms within them. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. in the solution. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Among the search strategies vided by Crest  , we chose the random branch strategy. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. The ability to represent  , and reason with  , arbitrary cyclic dependencies is another important characteristic of relational models. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro- Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. Static analyses tend to be sound  , but the state of the art does not accurately handle very large programs or all programming languages and features. The user first chooses a library based  on the domain of interest  , then she explores the library. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. K2 uses a simple incremental search strategy: it first searches for the best Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . If both the environment and the target trajectory are completely known  , optimal target following strategies can be computed through dynamic programming 12  , though the high computational cost is high. Selective search uses topical shards that are likely to differ in access rate. , ridge regularization method 12. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. In the second step  , COR computes the accurate visibilities for objects   , as well as the tightest visibility upper bounds for IR-tree nodes. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. In Figure 7random-surfer model  , it took less than 25 time units for the page to obtain popularity one  , but in Figure 10search-dominant model  , it took 1650 time units! Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. By these means  , it is possible to solve successfully the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. The distance proposed by Lerdahl 6 is used to compute costs between different chord candidates. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. Collision-free path planning is one of the fundamental requirements for task oriented robot programming. For example  , " violation " in query #56 is translated to the more common " " rather than " -- " . We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. Most programs written in procedural programming languages fall into this category. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. The structure of the paper is a as follows. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. Comparing with the fact lookup engines of Google and Ask.com  , FACTO achieves higher precision and comparable query coverage higher than Google and lower than Ask.com  , although it is built by a very small team of two people in less than a year. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3.  In order to deal with dynamic cases where trajectories are updated incrementally  , we derive another cost model that estimates an optimal length for segments when " incrementally " splitting a trajectory. Conventional applications of GA- Fuzzy suggest a random initial popultion. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. Having selected the collections to search  , the retrieval system must also provide techniques for effectively merging the individual ranked lists of documents that are produced. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Given two sets of terms x and y  , we measure their co-existence level by Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. The must likely cause is difference in linguistic features. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. We introduced a novel way to learn term translation probabilities from the top scoring " readings " of alternative query translations  , as generated by the decoder. Rather than seeking to map multilingual query terms  , Wang 50 studies the use of a web-based term translation approach to find translations for unknown cross-language queries in digital libraries. In such a case  , thanks to using date windows  , the alignments could be extended without the need to discard old pairs. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . In addition  , a heuristic to minimize the number of orientation changes  , trying to minimize the accumulated odometric error  , is also introduced. Our thesaurus based CLIR approach seeks to overcome both problems  , allowing free-text user queries and considering the free-text portions of documents during retrieval. The unique nozzle in E ,' is used to pick components in the reel r. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Section 5.1 introduces the query types we identified for people search; in Section 5.2 we explore session types in people search and in Section 5.3 we propose different types of users of people search engines. Hence  , the number of non-zero translation probabilities in q is no more than the total number of translations provided by the bilingual dictionary for the query words  , which is usually much smaller than the product m s m t . For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. words translation 7. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. There has been a lot of successful use of Q learning on a single robot. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. The idea of automatically detecting local minima and guiding the search away from them has been explored in the past. By carefully managing the layout of the suffix tree in disk blocks  , OASIS can be efficient even on large data sets. Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . SCUP combines HTN planning with best-first search that uses a heuristic selection mechanism based on ontological reasoning over the input user preferences  , state of the world  , and the HTNs. We propagate the M ik = 1 entries as-is in W s   , but importantly  , set all M ik = 0 entries to a random number r in the range 0  , 1  , instead of 0. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. , 4 and LD see e.g. The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. In general it is an intractable task to enumerate all possible y. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. Unlike dynamic programming  , the heuristic aIg+ rithme do not enumerate all poeeible join permutations. The results from our experimental evaluation shows our approach to be a promising alternative to the standard pipeline approach. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. The collection being searched is a combination of both German SDA and NZZ  , and therefore a superset of the one that was aligned to English AP or French SDA. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. No instruction was provided on search tactics or vocabulary. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. The main difference with Eq. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. This feature  , however  , was not included for the video library described below for funding and bandwidth reasons. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . The technique is also known as φ-folding 36   , a compiler optimization technique that collapses simple diamond-shaped structures in the CFG. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. In the effort labels missing case  , since only the effort labels of part of samples are missing  , the imputation problem can be considered as a semi-supervised learning problem. In this task  , a robot called HERB hands colored blocks to participants  , who sort those blocks into one of two colored boxes according to their personal preference. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. This can in fact be seen as a particular instance of the principle of Dynamic Programming which is used in this paper. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. The close correspondence between the search expansion and the suffix tree implies that this step corresponds to exploring all the children of the corresponding suffix tree node. The large majority of users cannot—and do not want to— be engaged in any kind of " programming " other than simple scripting. By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. HTML 1.0 5 provided basic document formatting and hyperlinks for online browsing; HTML 2.0 6 ushered in a more dynamic  , interactive web by defining forms to capture and submit user input. We can thus quantify the accuracy of an observed rank correlation usingˆseusingˆ usingˆse boot . As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. Decoding is the attempt to uncover the hidden part of the model  , and it can be used to align couples of sequences. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. Current experiments deal with the following topics: probabilistic retrieval binary independent model  , automatic weighting  , morphological segmentation  , efficiency of thesaurus organization  , association measures reconsidered. Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. Otherwise  , a more cost-efficient solution would be to use all available sensors and multi-sensor fusion techniques. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. As a result  , a query written in a source language likely has an equivalent in a query log in the target language. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. The interleaving of random testing and concolic execution thus uses both the capacity of random testing to inexpensively generate deep program states through long program executions and the capability of concolic testing to exhaustively and symbolically search for new paths with a limited looka- head. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to consider the problem of refreshing result entries in search engine caches. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. The open question to date is if there even exists a way to publish search logs in a perturbed fashion in a manner that is simultaneously useful and private. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  The inspection all* cation problem for this configuration has been solved using dynamic programming in Garcia-Diu 3. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. An interesting experiment was done with the Kohonen's self-organizing map SOM 12. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. wik means the number of points that located in the k-th bin. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. Variations of the approach can be applied to many other applications such as social search and blog search. This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. It can be observed that reducing the pool depth does Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. This challenge has contributed to the increasing popularity of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR among researchers in the Information Retrieval IR community in recent years. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. This seems a bit low  , so that AP and SDA are probably too dissimilar for such use. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. For this task  , dynamic programming DP has become the standard model. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. We achieve qualitatively similar results for the other two servers; for instance  , the random forest classifier produces a prediction accuracy of 81% on Bleeding Hollow  , and 84.3% on Cenarion Circle. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. Search box should be positioned early enough in the code of the page so as to be accessible easily. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. Second point is the handling of the penalty. BMEcat. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. This paper looks at the problem of multi-join optimization for SMPe. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. Table 1summarizes the results. This is in line with the idea of avoiding large overlap between facets Section 4.2. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. If n is small and d is a finite and countable set then the distribution may be computed numerically by evaluating the possible sequences of actions  , computing the resultant final configurations  , and storing the associated probabilities in a data structure. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. In this paper  , we propose to exploit ray tracing techniques to guide our search for connections between CCs. The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. The implementation of the cost-based placement strategy is integrated with the planning phase of the optimizer. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. A example is to run Microsoft WORD 1.0 on a Linux operating system emulating Windows 3.1. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. In this paper  , we present a novel examination model based on static information of SERPs  , which has more practical applications in search scenario than existing user-interaction-based models . In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. , English using queries that are expressed in another e.g. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. Note that when we plug in the newly-discovered functions into our search engine  , the same rules must be followed. , through typing and clicking. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. Definition 18. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. , keeping all incomplete PTs that are likely to yield an opiimal solution. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Dynamic programming languages  , such as Lisp and Smalltalk  , support statement-and procedure-1eve:l runtime change. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. The determination of the preferred point correspondence is considered as an optimization problem and is solved by employing a dynamic programming technique. Exhaustively searching all the states in graph G can be extremely time consuming due to the problem of combinatorial complexity exponential growth in n. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . This indicates the higher effectiveness of CLQS in related term identification by leveraging a wide spectrum of resources. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. This included an outline highlighting the viewable area of the Web page based on the dimensions of the Web browser viewport  , since this would change according to the users' screen resolution and their scrolling. From these configurations  , " rays " are s h o t . A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. We also presented a method of translation selection based on the cohesion among translation words. Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. The system uses it automatically when no operator is specified. When integrated in LDM  , they achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-art language models and the classical probabilistic retrieval model on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. Such incremental modifications of software systems are often referred to collectively as software evolution. 1a and 1b. A key task in information retrieval is to rank a collection of documents according to their respective relevance to a user query. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Most importantly  , a GA embedded search based dynamic scheduling strategy is proposed to produce a feasible and near-optimal schedule to resolve the conventional problem with exponential growth of search time vs. the problem size. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. This table shows that after feature selection  , the proposed method is about three times faster than the sate-of-the-art random forest method  , and achieves greater accuracy. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. Section 2 describes related work. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. Antionol et al 3 traced C++ source code onto manual pages and Java code to functional requirements . Combining phrase translation via phrase dictionary and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance up to 79% of monolingual. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. Using the above evaluations we found that our generic heuristic dominates random ordering  , although the latter sometimes has increasingly competitive accuracy as more time passes before interruption  , particularly for 'Forest Cover Type' and 'Pen Digits' datasets. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. Their approach is to reduce this optimization problem to a dynamic programming recurrence which is solved in Θm 3  time and Θm 2  space  , where m is the input size. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. Different from conventional action classification 4  , 1  , several approaches exist in the literature that focus on activity prediction  , i.e. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. , Google with song  , album and artist names. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. Each participant was asked to complete all of the 12 search tasks in a random order. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . 3.2. The whole pedestrian area in RPUM will then be set black to avoid duplicate matching. A plan monitor mediates for route generation and replanning. 2o. We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. While providing entitybased indexing of web archives is crucial  , we do not address the indexing issue in this work  , but instead extend the WayBack Machine API in order to retrieve archived content. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. In addition  , in the future we will investigate whether genetic programming has the advantage over random search on fixing bugs existing in multi files. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. When the error metric is possibly nonintegral as with SSE  , the range of values that A can take is large. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. It propagates the reward backward only one step. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. 7. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. However  , their experiments are not conclusive and their retrieval functions are not shown to be effective and robust enough 28. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. in the collision regions are found by selecting the configurations with locally minimum potential on MO. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. To solve the problem in a more principled way  , we introduce our probabilistic methods. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. 6 can be solved in On time through dynamic pro- gramming 5. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. The choice of which weight to update is made at random  , in an effort to avoid local minima in the search space  , but  The configurations usually converge well within 100 iterations . In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. Fagin et al. in 21. 5 Obviously  , δ 2 Q obs   , X obs  is a real value for given X rv   , while δ 2 Q mis   , X mis  is a random variable depending on the imputation method. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Recall from the previous example that the dynamic programming solution for region e  , 11 is not optimal because it is not capable of picking a combination of rows and columns i.e. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. , nodes without any outgoing edges – which are shown to form a significant portion of the Web graph crawled by search engines 4. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. To score a resource  , CiSS gathers documents belong to that resource in the search result list  , and generates a new rank of them based on their relative order. Participants were given ten minutes to complete an instructional planning task; one task was used for each of three search tools: Google.com; NSDL Keyword Search  , and NSDL Science Literacy Maps. The initial inter-beat length is estimated by taking the autocorrelation over the detected onsets. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. To compute the recovery motions efficiently we use a discrete form of the problem  , and make use of dynamic programming techniques. The third search strategy  , of course  , uses only the cross reference index on the field "COLOR." Thus  , a recurrence relation can be established as Users often visit online forums and search using the functionality provided on these web sites. A normal dynamic-programming enumerator fires rules to generate all possible alternative execution plans for a query. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. This paper is organized as follows. In this paper  , we have proposed a novel probabilistic framework for formally modeling the evidence of individual passages in a document. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. Finally we will give a description of some experimental results. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. Participants could identify interesting pages in one of two ways. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. These search results were then presented in random order to the disambiguation system. Experimental results are discussed in Section 4 and conclusion is made in Section 5. Of these  , the location of minimum error is the start point for a directed search that is based on steepest descent. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the Given a query q and a document d  , the relevance score between q and d is modeled as: and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ 3 http://oiled.man.ac.uk 4 http://www.hgmp.mrc.ac.uk/Software/EMBOSS/Apps/ A part of this ontology  , further referred to as the application ontology  , provides concepts for annotating web service descriptions in a forms based annotation tool Pedro 5 and is subsequently used at discovery time with or without reasoning to power the search 25. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. In our case  , the size of the encN is 256. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. Consider for example Paul  , who is looking for the Microsoft internships web page  , which he has previously visited  , coming from the Microsoft main home page. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Despite encouraging advances in computation and communication performance in recent years  , we are able to perform these activities only on a very small scale. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . Thus we know that r 5 indeed contains a keyword similar to " grose "   , and can retrieve the corresponding prefix similarity. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. The medical dictionary contained 67 ,000 Finnish and English entry words. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. We observed a high variance in success rates between programs. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. In a relational DBMS  , a view is defined as a " virtual table " derived by a specific query on one or more base tables . In 8 a distributed version of DBSCAN 3  is presented . Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. A search engine deploying learning to rank techniques reranks the top K documents retrieved by a standard weighting model  , known as the sample 3  , as shown in Figure 1. Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. Our result shows that search engines can have an immensely worrisome impact on new Web pages. The topic model can be implemented in many other ways and the random walk can run in either an offline mode or an online mode. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. Rare queries are those difficult tail queries in search engines that appeared very few times. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. It takes the agent many steps to find a good path  , especially in the initial trials. We used strongly typed genetic programming The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. The pruning comes in three forms. The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. Clearly more sophisticated models of this sort may be more realistic than the one we have studied  , and may also yield somewhat different quantitative bounds to prediction. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. In SI Presman et al. Since the fp-8192 descriptors were also generated by enumerating paths of length up to seven and also cycles  , the performance difference suggests that the folding that takes place due to the fingerprint's hashing approach negatively impacts the classification performance. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. , the sales home page for BTO must rank first in the search results. Computing DO and HSA on the PLTM model we achieve a relative speed improvement of 5.12 times over MAP. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. , serious illness or benign explanation  , the transition e.g. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. 5 However  , for the clarity of presentation  , we have decided to stress the complete modeling analogy between the monolingual and cross-lingual approach to IR. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. An outcome of our technique is that the Ordering Specification O-Spec of a collection and for that matter the SORT operation that produced it is a superset of the potential order that can be expressed by XQuery. Let us now consider how to implement the LSH Forest as a diskbased index for large data sets. The working principle of the deterministic crossover operator is based on the operation of forward dynamic programming . There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. However  , ranks and orders are not intrinsic to the the basic relational model. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. For any price p  , the expected remaining revenue is: This property  , if confirmed through further experiments  , would obviate the need to choose from two alternative retrieval methods based on the nature of the search task. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. Hence  , any bottom up mining strategy needs to employ extra techniques for pruning the search space. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. This section is divided into four subsections. Finally  , we demonstrate the benefits of simply establishing a one-to-one mapping between keywords and the states of the semantic classification problem over the more complex  , and currently popular  , joint modeling of keyword and visual feature distributions. We are comparing our proposed methods with five different competitor strategies. Clearly  , the samples produced by QBS are far from random . In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. Table 4: TopX runs with probabilistic pruning for various at k = 10 a number of novel features: carefully designed  , precomputed index tables and a cost-model for scheduling that helps avoiding or postponing random accesses; a highly tuned method for index scans and priority queue management; and probabilistic score predictors for early candidate pruning. Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. , the expected value of the information in a message. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. Our initial approach is motivated by heuristic methods used in traditional vector-space information retrieval. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. Experimental results indicate that the model is able to achieve performance that is competitive with current state-of-the-art retrieval approaches. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. It provides evidence that pages with visible group traffic are more attractive to students than top pages returned by the search engine. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. English  , within a collection D. More formally  , documents should be ranked according to the posterior probability: Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. Many predictive modeling tasks include missing data that can be acquired at a cost  , such as customers' buying preferences and lifestyle information that can be obtained through an intermediary. Depending on the language  , it may be possible to deduce appropriate transliterated translations automatically. mapping " Europe " and " Olympic games " to the entity names field is likely to substantially degrade the accuracy of retrieval results for this query. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Each state has the following exponential family emission distributions: 1 A multinomial distribution emitting the relevance of the line  , r. This distribution is fixed; for each state one of the probabilities is one and the other is zero. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. All the models are trained on the rest 6192 unannotated users with weak supervision  , and the experimental results are list in Table 8  , where we used sign-test for validating the improvement over the baselines. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. Some LOs may require prerequisites. A dynamic-programming technique 14 can find the minimum in polynomial time  , but computational efficiency is still an issue. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. The experimental results showed that the hybrid approach could produce near-optimal solutions for problems of sizes up to 25 percent bigger than what can be solved previously by dynamic programming. , kill_parens to remove parenthesized expressions. I are presented along with an exhaustive search  , in Figure 8and table 1. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. The key aspect of deep learning is that it automatically learns features from raw data using a generalpurpose learning procedure  , instead of designing features by human engineers6 . One of the key challenges in CLIR is what to do when more than one possible translation is known. But these approaches are hard to implement and to maintain. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. All these benefits are derived from the intensive use of generative pro- gramming. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. We repeat iterative step s times. The information and operations accessible through each role searcher  , provider  , indexer can be used to facilitate different types of breaches. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . Consider now a database with numerous  , medium or large images where users can ask any type of queries i.e. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . As we discuss in Section 2  , though there have been some works in the past that can be adopted for query suggestion without using query logs  , but strictly speaking  , to the best of our knowledge  , this paper is the first to study the problem of query suggestions in the absence of query logs. Consequently  , all statistics computed on the completed database will be correct. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. Despite the above obstacles  , our experiments – over a corpus of approximately 500 stories from Yahoo! Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. Random Forest is the classifier used. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Further  , all of the above mentioned research studies use fixed Twitter datasets collected at a certain point in time. When the search reaches a local minimum in terms of function P  , a preset number of random walks  , each of which is followed by a gradient motion  , are performed to escape the local minimum. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. Besides being benchmarked as an independent module  , the resulting CLQS system is tested as a new means of query " translation " in CLIR task on TREC collections. This results in topic distributions associated with the sets Q and QA and each element contained therein θ Q i and θ QA i A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. To tackle these problems  , we propose a complete system  , based on a number of well-established technologies  , allowing ontology engineers to deploy their ontologies  , providing the necessary infrastructures to support their exploitation  , and ontology users in reusing available knowledge  , providing essential  , community-based functionalities to facilitate the search  , selection and exploitation of the available ontologies. Gradient descent resumes from the state at which the random walk terminates. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. , when an individual's behavior is more random higher shannon entropy or LZ compared to other people  , her NST@Self will be ranked higher in the crowd. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. In order to relax these assumptions and to avoid the difficulties imposed by separate indexing and retrieval models  , we have developed an approach to retrieval based on probabilistic language modeling. The best example of this is the vector space model which allows one to talk about the task of retrieval apart from implementation details such as storage media  , and data structures 15. The return value of a fitness function must appropriately measure how well an individual  , which represents a solution  , can solve the target problem. However  , we could not fully verify the qualifications of the survey participants.    , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. As shown in Figure 1I  , to make sure that every participant was familiar with the experiment procedure  , an example task was used for demonstration in the Pre-experiment Training stage I.1. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. There have been several recent studies suggesting that a large percentage of web browsing sessions start by a visit to a search engine  , expressing a query for their need  , and following links suggested by the search engine. Our models are based on probabilistic language modeling techniques which have been successfully applied in other Information Retrieval IR tasks. We adopt the dynamic programming approach that proposed by Psaraftis4 . Further  , more than one query block can be nested under the same parent query block. , medicine  , engineering is used. , Type II error. One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. LRT D sj tells the influence of translating sj to t k Ds j  in CLIR. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. , to distinguish highly personalized SERPs and to discount observed clicks in these sessions. to transform one string to the other. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Subsets are identified by dynamic programming. The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. Translating pieces of words seems odd. Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. This is accomplished as follows. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. In other words  , lr/s = information -misinformation = coherence -confusion In a sense  , the system ranks might be considered inversely related to the probability that a document will be examined; the user ranks  , to the probability that a document will be useful. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. Heuristic Rule for DFF : Select DFF from Ci to Cj iff one ,of the following condition holds : l For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. Figure 2a shows concolic testing. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." Probabilistic CLIR. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. For future work we plan to investigate the effect of using reference resolution techniques on the performance of the proposed method. In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. In this section we present our model of key concept selection for verbose queries. The obtained coordination curve is used to design the velocity profile for each robot so that collisions are avoided. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . , specular reflectors. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. DFQL generalizes the continuous input space with hzzy rules and has the ability o f responding to the varying states with smoothly varying actions using fuzzy reasoning. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. Note that we refer to these as quality scores and not as relevance scores  , since they incorporate additional factors other than pure query relevance e.g. The last quantity í µí±í µí±|í µí±  , í µí±¡  , í µí±   , í µí± is the probability that a candidate entity í µí± is the related entity given passage í µí±   , type t and query í µí±. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. forest-fire with random seeds seem to perform well for themes that are of global importance  , such as 'Social Issues' that subsumes topics like '#BeatCancer'  , 'Swine Flu'  , '#Stoptheviolence' and 'Unemployment'. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. Xue et al. By using the proposed model  , the trajectory of the robot system can be algebraically obtained when an arbitrary cloth configuration is given. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. For the English-French CLIR experiments  , we computed the mean average precision MAP over 50 queries formulated from the CLEF 2001 topic set Topics 41-90. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . In the following  , we first describe our sentence model for mapping queries and documents to their intermediate representations and then describe how they can be used for learning semantic matching between input query-document pairs. It is based on choosing explicitly  , at each instant  , a possible quasi-static motion of the system by using a random search. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In this section  , we discuss related work on focused crawling as well as on text and web classification. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. Contemporary visions of how robots will be used in daily life include many situations in which people interact and share their space with not only one  , but multiple  , robots. We participated in the main task of the CLIR track  , using an English query to create a single merged ranked list of English  , French  , German and Italian news stories for each of the 28 topics. This heuristic then guides an A* search  , which takes place directly on the prophet graph. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. We show the number of states explored by the default search and indicate if the search completed  √   , timed out TO or ran out of memory OM. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. Dynamic world model information is represented in an unified form of objectlattributelvalue description. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. Each participant was assigned to search three queries in a block with one system followed by three queries with the other system. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. The performance of the AI approaches depends on how much problem-specific knowledge is acquired and to what extent expert knowledge is available for a specific problem. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. An application which distinguishes itself clearly from the stationary method is described by /Linden 86/ for the Autonomous Land Vehicle ALV. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. For this task  , we can use all features preceding the onset and also the features of the onset itself  , such as the condition type e.g. Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. Then the action at each state is a robot's maneuver such forward move  , turning rights and so forth. In this contribution we present the " Parameterized Self- Organizing Map " PSOM approach  , which is particularly useful in situation where a high-dimensional  , continuous mapping is desired. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. If p is a border object  , no objects are density-reachablefromp and p is assigned to the noise. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. RQ6 a. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. On the other hand  , a Dynamic Programming DP strategy St:79 builds PTs by I~reatltMirst. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. Pointing to any line in the table of contents window with the mouse causes the text window to jump to the corresponding part of the document. Various translation methodologies such as phrasal translation or sense disambiguation have brought significant improvements in CLIR. Also note that we report the perplexity normalized by the total query length. Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g.