37 Some of the probabilistic models described in the literature have recently been compared and unified 38  , and a new  , ultimate probabilistic model has been proposed which makes maximum use of all available information without implicitly making assumptions about any unknown data. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. Daubechies' wavelet. The short-term history of the user was then used to recommend specific news articles within the selected groups. The goal of results merging  , which is the second task of federated search  , is to combine results selected from the given search engines into a single ranked list. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. To overcome this limitation  , Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14 maps each query term into document fields using probabilistic classification based on collection statistics. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. An acceptable search would find most of the relevant documents with minimal wasted effort. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. Fan et al. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. Indeed  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the scheduling of queries across replicated query servers. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. E.g. By carefully managing the layout of the suffix tree in disk blocks  , OASIS can be efficient even on large data sets. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. The dates of death serve as a baseline since they are likely represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Table 4displays these results. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. These languages can be classified into two categories: path pattern matching queries 22  , 23  , 20  , 10  , 17 that find node pairs connected by paths matching a path pattern; and path " extraction " queries 21  , 13  , 4  , 18  , 12 that return paths. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. All subjects were presented with the same 40 links. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. This is in contrast to the very large body of work in experimental game theory; see  , e.g. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. BOSS API. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Our work in this paper contributes by studying not only holistically exploring interaction or consensus among all the entities  , but also integrating all the social media search applications in a unified framework. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . I f it fails to find a solution  , we return to get the second best marking on OPEN as: a new root for a BT search  , and so on. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. Probabilistic models for document corpora are a central concern for IR researchers. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. However  , it becomes problematic when URIs are made up of meaningless strings like <./928>  , rather than <./James_Cameron>. An entry questionnaire and a pre-search questionnaire were administered before the experiment. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. For example   , ABC uses a search engine which enables one to search some specific text that appeared in ABC news. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Instead  , it works on off-the-shelf legacy applications and readily-available testcases . In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. We explain methods that can be used for learning the representations in matching 22  , 10  , 37  , translation 33  , 6  , 2  , 8  , classification 13  , 16  , 44  , and structured prediction 7  , 34  , 5. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Now the function of a probabilistic search and retrieval system is to combine those and other estimates and to predict  , for each item  , the probability that it would be one of the items wanted by the patron in question. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. Our goal is to improve upon the search time of binary search without using a significant amount of additional space. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. That is exactly the rational behind our hybrid approach to IE combining pattern matching rules and statistical learning Srihari 1998 Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. This will provide the user with a selectable level of computing effort  , so he/she can trade off computing time with level of assurance of the optimality of the plan. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The set of states should characterize the space of database evolution. First  , we propose a novel model to support context-aware search. In our previous work 2  , we presented a search engine architecture for an efficient Terabyte search engine. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. , and Bing via a similar methodology to White and Drucker 22 . This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. , statistical charts. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. Search skills can be trained  , e.g. We allow seoping using two functions. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. This shows that the vast majority 99% in our study of statements in real Java code have depth at most 4  , which our results above show that CodeHint can easily search. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. The first two results are duplicates  , the third result is 8 years old  , and the fourth is not a course syllabus. The three search requests result in a search response that is a list of brief descriptions of zetoc records matching the search. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. Search trails are represented as temporally-ordered URL sequences. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. Distribution and query optimization are the typical database means to achieve this. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. Another advantage is that for the rotation of the object only few sample points have to be rotated. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. One solution is search engines like Google  , which make it easy to find papers by author  , title  , or keyword. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. What happens when considering complex queries ? The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. Search-Result-Click History. Another related work is a recent study in 2 on approximate string joins using functions such as cosine similarity. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. 20 focuses on the optimization of the top-k queries. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. In other cases words were added or omitted. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. The search box remains unchanged from other systems at this point. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Tables 3 and 4 show how this tradeoff makes the baseline SPR and Prophet configurations perform best despite working with search spaces that contain fewer correct patches. We have compared our technique with genetic programming 2  , 6. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Visual events involve both discrete and continuous changes in the graphical representation. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. We set out to address two questions. Most search tools available for the WWW today e.g. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. Section 2 describes related work. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. Amir et al. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. We also are interested in generalizing this work to infer " bounded disorder " : unordered relations whose disorder can be measured as the number of passes of a bubble sort required to make the relation ordered. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. POP detects this during runtime  , as the validity range for a specific part of a query plan is violated  , and triggers re-optimization. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. It is also evident that the user interactions during the first two queries could perhaps be used to rank the correct suggestion in n-best on top. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. The optimization on this query is performed twice. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. planner. Users of search systems in the biomedical domain differ in their searching behavior depending on their prior familiarity with a search topic. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. Next  , the Hierarchical search is initiated. outliers are at that moment ignored. DEFINITION 2. For all a ∈ Ase  , we write the search engine's Q-function  , which represents the search engine agent's long term reward  , as: After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. We analyze a multi-million P2P query log and highlight the differences between it and Web query logs. On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Using a single iterator reduces the cost of search significantly. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. This section describes a control strategy for automatically focusing on a point in a static scene. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. The optimizer should also treat the optimization time as a critical resource. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. As a by-product  , we can also report that a version of KBS has been successfully deployed in production on Yahoo ! The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. 6 also pointed out that there is a big gap between term usages of queries and documents and a probabilistic model built through log mining could effectively bridge the gap. If c&h corresponds to the actual costs for evaluating the operations of the first set and costj is a close lower bound of the future costs  , A* search guarantees to find an optimal QEP efficiently. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. 2015. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. We evaluated the three commercial location search engines  , and here we are presenting as the baseline  , the performance of the best of the three commercial services  , when supplied with the four highest ranked transliterations from our transliteration system. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. Also  , calls to SAPI functions from the AM extension execute as regular C function calls within the server address space  , so there is no need to " ship " the currently active page to the AM extension; copy overhead is therefore avoided. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. The Fibonacci search technique is the most efficient of any restricted search 6. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. , CiteULike 3 for scientific documents and del.icio.us for web pages. We use the current 3.2 million Wikipedia titles as our knowledge base to perform lexical parsing on all of the titles  , extracting relational argument structure to explore its potential use on topic modeling. outline preliminaries in Sect. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. Because of the fundamentally different architectures of in-memory and on-disk models  , the considerations regarding query optimization are very different. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. No optimization techniques are used. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. Cancel stops a search in progress. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. , 4 and LD see e.g. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. , 19 decrement rule: To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Previously  , we developed various document-context dependent retrieval models 1 that operate in a RF environment. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . The result of a search is a list of information resources. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. Algebraic specification approaches such as OBJ 6 and Larch 7 and input/output predicate approaches such as Hoare 10  , Alphard 29  , Dijkstra 3  , and Anna 15 represent some of the ways in which a system builder might describe the semantics of system objects. The search consists of two phases  , where in the first phase m paths are planned in the joint subspaces using a local search method. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. Time-dependent synonyms will be used for a temporal search  , or a search taking into account a temporal dimension  , i.e. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. , the shared data item. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; As a consequence  , there exist a number of dedicated news search engines and many of the major search portals offer a dedicated news search tab. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Note that the retrieval model proposed here is independent of the query segmentation technique. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. For example  , some search engines categorize or cluster search results Figure 1 and some search engines display regular search results and sponsored links in different dynamic sections. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. This behavior promotes the local cache. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. Wikipedia Search is a search engine built in Wikipedia  , and it can be used to locate content on Wikipedia based on plain text retrieval techniques. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The goal of aggregated search is to combine results from multiple search engines in a single presentation. 0 Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Furthermore. Recent research has demonstrated the utility of modeling relational information for domains such as web analyt- ics 5  , marketing 8 and fraud detection 19. Shown is also the error plot illustrating the deviation e Ajx   , Ajx for all possible x. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. We give examples of both ways of generating the test eases. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. However  , a pipelined execution of a query can be obtained by a depth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. An extension of the cascade of Figure 19.6 in two dimensions with k cascades can be used to do pattern matching operations with respect to k distinct patterns. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. White et al. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. These approaches have two shortcomings that we have identified and address in this work: 1. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. The CCD camera installed over the flat floor detmnines the positions of the satellites by the pattern matching to markers drown on the satellites. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. Second  , the query-expansion feature used is in fact often derived from query co-clicks 13   , thus similar to our query log based positive signals. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Joins on a précis pattern are executed in order of decreasing weight. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. The first technique stores the records lazily in a B+-tree file organization clustered by the specified key  , and is based on external merge-sort. Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. Finally  , but not less important  , we also intend to examine closely the discovered best ranking functions to understand better how they work and the reasons for their effectiveness. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. The most concept-consistent searchers behaved like Fidel's 1984Fidel's    , 1990 conceptualist searchers and usually selected a search strategy where they planned to start their search with fewer search concepts than other searchers. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Accepting Qud moves corresponds I ,O a " hill climbing " IC91: on the other side of IJtc! In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. To leverage this opportunity and address sparseness  , we employ imputation hereafter  , pc-IMP  as we can directly compute similarity between papers and citation papers  , unlike the case of the user-item matrix based CF which requires manual ratings. The entire search log is collected and stored by a single entity  , such as a search engine company. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. Specify individual optimization rules. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. In practice  , parameter values are usually chosen using a grid search approach. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. The task of the query optimizer is to build a feasible and cost-effective query execution plan considering limitations on the access patterns. A document record may be in many search sets  , and a search set may have many document records. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. However  , such approaches have not exploited the query optimization techniques existing in the DBMSs. Automated repair techniques have received considerable recent research attentions. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. The search for the best choice of this parameter was performed in two steps. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. It is also observed that the proposed PLM not only outperforms the general document language model  , but also outperforms the regular sliding-window passage retrieval method and a state-of-theart proximity-based retrieval model. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. Game theory seems to provide a natural setting to study these types of problem  , since it has been used in the past to successfully model other uncertain systems . The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. In addition  , in the future we will investigate whether genetic programming has the advantage over random search on fixing bugs existing in multi files. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. Definition: A search trail is an ordered sequence of actions performed by the user during a search goal. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. In fact  , a user may have received trending search content but that may be too old to include the search result the user clicked on when doing the actual search  , so a case like this would be recorded as a cache miss. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. We proposed a game theory based approach for the run time management of a IaaS provider capacity among multiple competing SaaSs. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. Formalization cordtl cotlcern utilization of viewers in languages  , for example  , in query operators or programming primitives. In this section we give a design for a simple query rewrite system to illustrate the capabilities of the Epoq architecture and  , in particular  , to illustrate the planning-based control that will be presented in Section 5. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. This vulnerability stems from the fundamental role of participants in an online world: to provide value  , the distinct pseudonyms must engage in interactions that are likely to be informationrich   , and are hence susceptible to a new set of attacks whose success properties are not yet well understood. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. Three matching models shall be learned for question pattern respectively paired with answer type  , pseudopredicate   , and entity pairs. This paper focuses on the ranking model. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. Identifying user intent 1 behind search queries plays a crucial role in providing a better search experience 16  , 29  , 28. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. We propose a new  , probabilistic model for combining the ranked lists of documents obtained by any number of query retrieval systems in response to a given query. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. However  , it suffers from " coldstart problem  , " in which it cannot generate accurate recommendations without enough initial ratings from users. The pruning comes in three forms. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. This gap has occasioned effort to relate these two models 7  , 8. However  , the performance of the DOM crawler in addition to the Hub-Seeking crawler is significantly better than the Naive Best-First crawler on average target recall@10000 Figure 4d It requires assessors to compare the search results of the suggestions to that of the input query and awards those suggestions having better search results. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. On each of these pages  , each of the regular search results and links in the data augmenting the search is sent through a redirector which records the search query  , the link and which section of the page the link was on. Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. However  , we propose a learning method to maximize Click-through-Rate CTR for impressions. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. quicksort. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. The approximate entropy can be computed for any time series  , chaotic or otherwise  , at a low computational cost  , and even for small data samples T < 50. In sponsored search  , a user makes a query for certain keywords in a search engine and is presented with a list of relevant advertisements in addition to organic search results. In this paper we will consider only B-tree indices. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. Each time a search is performed   , the Search Module retrieves URIs of instances in the search results and stores them into a cache memory. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. There are  , however  , important differences. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Nevertheless  , binary search has the benefit that no additional space beyond a is needed to perform a search. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. In effect  , targets that differ from the ground 'The F uzzy Bversability Index also depends on the wheel design and traction mechanism of the robot which determine its hill clim bing and rok climbing capabilities. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . We produced by hand REST representations of a set of queries from the CACM collection  , and then automatically generated for each query subsets of terms that the REST representation indicated were related conceptually  , and which thus should be considered mutually dependent in a probabilistic model. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . 8. —the first system for homepage finding. ,... ,.uon. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. Although this will eliminate the need for a probe query  , the dynamic nature of the switch operator provides only dynamic statistics which makes further query optimization very difficult. Recently  , search personalisation has attracted increasing attention 1  , 3  , 5  , 8  , 9. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. A key task in information retrieval is to rank a collection of documents according to their respective relevance to a user query. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. percolation "  ? The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. The only difference is that the user has the option of creating a text search within a particular node. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. , they have a shaded background. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. Deshpande et al. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. The methods used to represent these games are well known. , the region or country where the user is located. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. We use a search query log of approximately 15 million distinct queries from Microsoft Live Search. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. Given a REST representation of a request  , it is relatively straightforward to generate information for a statistical retrieval strategy . The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. Our experiments also show that the chemical entity search engine outperforms general purpose search engines as expected. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. This method estimates the probability P Q that a user searches a query Q based on both global search history and user search history  , which is P Q|G used in our model in Section 4.2.2. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Tree-Pattern Matching. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. Both start with a zero recall search " helicopter volitation spare parts cheap " . For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. Therefore  , capturing and integrating as much information as possible in a proper way is important for conversation systems. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. Problems arising in the ICT industry  , such as resource or quality of service allocation problems  , pricing  , and load shedding  , can not be handled with classical optimization approaches. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. Finally query generation tools tend to generate non-minimal queries 31. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. wire as long as the runs generated with Quicksort. The searcher is able to study  , in a convenient and effortless way  , the effects of query changes. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. The idea is to use that view to model pat t em-mat thing queries  , which we impose to have flat structure. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. The knowledge gamed in performance tests can subsequently be built into optimization rules. Meng et al. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. Based on the kernel terms in initial query and the current search item  , a sub-query is constructed for a specific search focus. This results in a depth first search. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. It would appear that patent searchers prefer search functionality which provides a high degree of control and precision for accomplishing their search tasks  , and they are willing to spend a lot of time and effort in constructing requests and examining documents. a The transformation step :. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. , Live Search  , Ask.com  , or AltaVista  , and contained either search engine result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or pages connected by a hyperlink trail to a search result page. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. in the email scenario. Our planned follow-up research is to acquire search log data from a wider variety of search interfaces and tasks  , to verify the utility of direct and indirect query modifications to analyze user behavior in information seeking tasks. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. We can characterize a factual task with specific goals as known-items search  , a factual task with amorphous goals as known-subject search  , an intellectual task with specific goals as interpretive search and an intellectual task with amorphous goals as exploratory search. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. In the effort labels missing case  , since only the effort labels of part of samples are missing  , the imputation problem can be considered as a semi-supervised learning problem. A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. We start explaining DJ's techniques. These likely locations are reported to programmers typically at coding-time. Thus  , the procedure to rank the search engines themselves with respect to a query is as follows: obtain a rank aggregation of the results from various search engines and rank the search engines based on their Kendall or footrule distance to the aggregated ranking. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. Hash tag splitting As we did in 1  , in addition to the words of the tweet  , we have used a hashtag splitter to split the compound words representing the hashtags in common English words. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. A CIM application has been prototyped on top of the system RF'F95. An outcome matrix represents an interaction by expressing the outcomes afforded to each interacting individual with respect each pair of potential behaviors chosen by the individuals. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. Image. Such machinery needs to be based on intermediate representations of queries that are syntactically close to XQuery and has to allow for an algebraic approach to query optimization  , with buffering as an optimization target. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. Since this is a very simplified example  , the search term given is used for a full text search in the whole OPAC database. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . In this section  , we discuss related work on focused crawling as well as on text and web classification. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. The inference is performed by Variational EM. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. Thus different truncations of the same search term were also considered different search terms. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a As a new type of probabilistic retrieval models  , language models have been shown to be effective for many retrieval tasks 21  , 28  , 14  , 4 . These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. Somewhat oversimplified  , by the "extension of a search word" with regard to a file is meant the list of documents or specified document parts in which a system acceptable search word a freetext word or descriptor occurs or has been applied. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. Four search tasks were devised  , each simulating a search intent. This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. We study user interaction with a search assistance tool we refer to as the search guide SG. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. As before  , the smaller value of w relates to a better bound on suboptimality and therefore makes the search harder. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. 's simulated annealing solver. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. We presented a novel framework for collecting  , storing  , and mining search logs in a distributed  , private  , and anonymous manner called CrowdLogging. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. In this paper we propose a novel approach called Concept Search C-Search in short which extends syntactic search with semantics. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. The second column  , the Search section  , contains three sub sections: one devoted to entering a query  , one to displaying results and a third to displaying history of search activities. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. Typical examples include: pattern matching exact  , approximate  , with wild-cards ,..  , the ranking of a string in a sorted dictionary  , or the selection of the i-th string from it. We compare LDM to both the classical probabilistic model i.e. The matching compares the predicate in a triple pattern with the predicate defined for a capability and evaluated the constraint for subject and object. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. When using quicksort  , adjustments can only be done when a run has been finished and output. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. In addition  , a software program which performed a simulation of a search engine was developed. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. A step in the direction of exploratory search is query suggestion where the search engine recommends related queries. We find that a slope of 0.25 is 22% better than the values published at 0.75. For each item participants were given a brief summary and asked to provide up to five search queries to search for similar items. Expectations associated with that word would search for modifiers like "probabilistic" and for the entity being analyzed "Quicksort"  , as well as looking for other components that are not present in this particular piece of text  , While being guided by the expectation-based model laid out above  , we plan to depart from it in several ways. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. Other strategies for setting mean value and variance can also be adopted in our approach. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Those better models would hopefully yield better performance. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. a free-text search query  , Lucene searches its index to find all matched resources  , and given an advanced search query  , Sesame searches for instances from its ontology repository. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. The track contained two tasks  , a discussion search task and a search-for-experts task. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. However  , when the corpus of publications is large  , we can utilize the fact that there are many other similar papers that potentially could have been cited but were not. WordNet has been used to recognize compound terms and dependencies among terms in these studies. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. The data reveals that as the search tasks became more complex and exploratory  , and required more search action and strategies to complete  , the total number of search features used on the features increased. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0 ,1ë to model user interests ë6  , 5  , 7ë. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Join indexes can now be fully described. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. During the final phase of resolution i.e. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. The details for these data sets are depicted in Table 1. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. A ranked image was considered relevant if it has the same stem as the query. It sort of builds a binary tree  , where each link in the chain is extended with a 0 or 1 label association. If the 'don't care' operation is to be externally controlled  , a cascade of'don't care' flip-flops D and F as shown in Figure 19.5  , similar to the anchor flip-flops  , has to be set prior to the beginning of the pattern matching operation. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. 7  , the result of path planning demonstrates that the method is able to handle the complexity terrain. vi. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. , search on Yahoo ! This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. They identified two ways to personalize a search through query augmentation and search result ranking. If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. 111 that sense  , it has a similar philosophy as a Prolog interpreter. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. Not all selected Fig. seek to complete multiple search tasks within a single search session 14  , 15  , 22   , while also taking multiple sessions to finish a single task at times. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Secondly  , the address space cannot easily be changed dynamically. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. This interface allows users to capture a screenshot of any interface  , enter some query keywords  , and submit the resulting multimodal query to the search engine  , and display the search result in a Web browser. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. 8shows a modified Pioneer 3-AT at the bottom of a hill attempting to climb the hill. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. Second  , a declarative query language such as SQL can insulate the users from the details of data representation and manipulation   , while offering much opportunity in query optimization. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. We want to demonstrate the use of the symbiotic model by picking an off-the-shelf search engine and a generic topical crawler. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. CONCLUSION Some aspects of a theory of probabilistic databases  , applicable alao to relational data  , have been outlined. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. As a result of her actions  , an alert is also sent to the owner of the reading list  , informing that Shaelyn copied items from it. 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. Each query was run with an initially empty buffer. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Proposed method repeats both global search and serial local search. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. All of our code and data is available from a public code repository and accompanying website 2 . Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. In CWW00  , DB2  , Sto75Figure 2: Source data set for Order erating lineage tracing procedures automatically for various classes of relational and multidimensional views  , but none of these approaches can handle warehouse data created through general transformations. For example  , the useful inverse document frequency  idf term weighting system. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. edges  ? Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. They use a probabilistic retrieval model which assumes that the user generates the query from an ideal internal representation of a relevant document. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. Recall that some of the baselines e.g. A similar approach was developed separately in l collision detection between moving obstacles of arbitrary shapes  , based on results from missile guidance. It has the following components:  A Knowledge Base of search strategies in the form of rules specified in JESS script. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. served as ranking criterion. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. However  , the general problem is NP-complete 4. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. The search site speed was controlled by using either a search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. This new search paradigm is an effective way of search personalization. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. Cheng  , Gao  , Liu proposed a method of predicting search intents based on a page read by a user 13. Because the feature abstracting is time-consuming  , this kind of method is difficult to realize in real time. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. Our system enables users to search for proximate terms. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. Then  , with the window with the code in it displayed  , we would observe the user dragging out a rectangular region to capture the lines of code in this older version of the function that are of interested to them  , so they can bring it forward in time to be pasted into the current version of the code. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Federated text search provides a unified search interface for multiple search engines of distributed text information sources. The subweb definition corresponding to the search topic is used to rerank the search results obtained from a search engine. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. They are sorted according to question type and can handle more anchor terms. In CS-DAC  , several rankers are trained simultaneously  , and each ranking function f * k see Equation 3 is optimized using the CS- DAC loss function and hybrid labels. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. This is a fundamental task in consumer product search engines like Yahoo! In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. The paper considers a star schema with UB-Tree organized fact tables and dimension tables stored sorted on a composite surrogate key. The approaches developed–such as the " imputation methods " that attempt to modify the database directly by replacing null values with likely values–are not applicable for autonomous databases where the mediator often has restricted access to the data sources. Tracking by camera translation is much simplier. Moreover   , different reformulations can capture different aspects of background information; their resulting ranked lists are further merged by a novel formula  , in which we consider the relatedness between the reformulated queries with context and the original one. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. From these logs  , we mined many thousands of search sessions. In the Web community there is lots of discussion about organic and sponsored search. Feasible ? The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. Data Page Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. This will be published in the near future. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past  , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. Finally  , the reduction in the number of merge operations from 3 to 2 results in less copying of data  , and thus better performance. Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. We demonstrated that our dependence model is applicable in the information retrieval system by 1 learning the linkage efficiently in an unsupervised manner; and 2 smoothing the model with different smoothing techniques. Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. Actually  , the fact of switching can be unambiguously detected only in a small part of the search sessions performed by users who installed the browser or the special browser toolbar plugin developed by a search engine 10. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. This overhead can be reduced by an approximate pairwise ranking that uses a best-first search strategy. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. We assume a " pay-per-click " pricing model  , in which the advertiser pays a fee to the search provider whenever a user clicks on an advertisement. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. l'm afraid that this particular problem will be a long time in going away. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. have been automatically extra.cted from Boolean queries  , and also where dependencies have been extracted from phrases derived from natural language queries by the user. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. With such a mechanism in place  , in the case of the 2012 U. S. presidential elections Figure 1  , 30% of users' queries could be instantly served locally e.g. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Used features. Recent years have witnessed an increasing number of vertical search services e.g. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. The Document search task is to search for messages regarding to a topic. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. Evidence from a variety of sources may be combined using smrctured queries to produce a final probabilistic belief m the relevance of a given document. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Since a better feature grouping should yield higher search accuracy  , we define the fitness function of a feature grouping as its search accuracy. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? How do search behaviors of users change in a search session ? We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. These frames are used for inheritance only. In this experiment we have set D=8  , T=500 ,000  , and C i =T/i  , while varying Z from 0 uniform distribution  to 2. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. We determine which of the two components obtains greater improvement if incorporated  , search for the best parameter for this component  , fix it  , and then search for the best parameter for the other component. To arrive at a comparable subset of search systems we will have to restrict the above definition to systems that retrieve data from a knowledge base containing RDF data 17. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. In general   , these approaches can be characterized as methods of estimating the probability of relevance of documents to user queries. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. , audio queries in voice search  , image queries in image search  , foreign language queries in crosslingual search; 3 document  , e.g. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. For instance  , for any candidate point  , if the global information can be guessed from the local information  , then global data about this point is less likely to be informative. In our framework  , called RDivF RDF + Diversity  , which we are currently developing  , we exploit several aspects of the RDF data model e.g. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. In many RDF applications  , e.g. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. , record r 5. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The data-points plotted are times in ps for a complete distance calculation . Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. State-of-the-Art. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. Nine participants did not search the catalogue  , saying they were familiar enough with the layout of the library that they could go straight to the shelves or sections where books they wished to use were found. The advantage of our approach is that it is not limited to a pre-defined set of semantic categories. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. Relational feature generation is a search problem. We can actually treat the ranking function space as a space consists of all kinds of tree structures. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. queries in a search; the total number of documents or paragraphs saved at the end of the search; the number of documents or books viewed during a search; and  , the mean query length per search. , the patched program has ever failed to pass some test case  , random search has no such constraint. Thus  , more work is needed to understand how best to support discussion search. First  , in GOODXl  , it is hard to factor out the infu encc of the X-tree architecture and the parallel readout disks on the results ohtaincd. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. GP maintains a population of individual programs. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. After originating with a query submission to a search engine  , trails proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. Popular search engines like Google or Yahoo! In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. 9 The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. Section 3 presents simulation results that show that our approach yields stable system rankings over a range of parameter settings; Section 4 presents next steps. The operation sequence tells the order in which each operation should be initiated at the given machine. , array of floating point values. For example  , the actuator characteristics are reflected in the choice of a Riemannian metric for the joint and tool frame configuration space manifolds  , or one can even include inertial parameters in the Riemannian metric to obtain a formulation for dynamic manipulablilit-y. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro-Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. Vector construction. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. We plan to study this possibility in future work. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. In order to relax these assumptions and to avoid the difficulties imposed by separate indexing and retrieval models  , we have developed an approach to retrieval based on probabilistic language modeling. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. Journal Search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. Under these conditions  , the semantic model alone performs much worse than keyword-based search. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. The pattern symbols are: The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. Some of the demographic information  , such as gender  , age  , and specific conditions  , such as patients weight  , were only mentioned in the text. , not from WordNet  , and whether documents from the Blog06 corpus were included in the search or not.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. People search is one of the most popular types of online search. However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. BMEcat. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. Instead  , we construct a " surrogate " plaintext collection by merging full text content with all the anchor information for a page. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. This paper highlights the efforts of the BEAR project in multi-agent research from an implementation perspective. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. search system works. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Some of this discrepancy will be due to the cost of the additional machine operations  , and on a modern small computer some of the time will be due to cache misses and pipeline flushes. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. A UI design pattern describes a single unit of functionality delivered through a group of UI widgets 3. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. The model underlying the scoring function assumes the user has a certain propensity to navigate outward from the initial query results  , and that navigation is directed based on the user's search task. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. The Internet Archive 25 once provided a full-text search engine called Recall 20 that had a keyword search future for 11 billion pages in its archive. Facilitate. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Since this is a zero-sum game  , the Minimax value is also used to determine the appraisal variable DesirabilityForOther with other being the user by applying a negative sign to the desirability value. The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. This paper is organized as follows. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. 10. Over all six TREC test sets  , UGM achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BIR. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . From the above~ it can be concluded that serious problem.s arise when the BIR or the RPI model is applied to rank the output set of a boolean query and the probabilistic parameters are estimated on parts of this output set The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. There has been a large amount of work dealing with term dependencies in both the probabilistic IR framework and the language modeling framework. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. The " wholistic " approaches  , e.g. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. 243–318 for an introduction. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. The existing optimizers  , eg. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. , F k  of data graph G  , in which each fragment Fi = GVi  , Bi i ∈ 1  , k is placed at a separate machine Si  , the distributed graph pattern matching problem is to find the maximum match in G for Q  , via graph simulation. To control the join methods used in the query plans  , each plan was hand-generated and then run using the Starburst query execution driver. Having late binding in the query language is necessary @ the presence of inheritance and operator overloading. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. Most commercial image search engines  , e.g. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. Search Design. The Java applet is started as soon as users click the " classification " button on their search result screen. Other search strategies can be specified as well. One of the main objects of the project is to bring together these two strands of work on indexing and searching. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . The contents of the bit-stack can be manipulated as optional operations of search or pointer transfer instructions. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. Finally  , we conclude the paper in Section 7. In response to a query  , Google Search returns a page of results. Com* * Work partially funded by the EGov IST Project and by the Wisdom project  , http://wisdom.lip6.fr. Second  , databases can manage memory more optimally than a file system can  , because databases know more about their access patterns. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. The server sub-session parse the query string into a script consisting of a set of SQL statements and content-based search operators. Newton's Laws and Newton's Law of Gravity are the Limits for my One Law of Nature 39. The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. One thus needs to consider all query types together. Wong and Yao's probabilistic retrieval model is based on an epistemological view of probability for which probabilities are regarded as degrees of belief  , and may not be necessarily learned from statistical data. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. This query can be expressed in XQuery 1.1 as follows: Geographers and historians emphasize that a map advocates a way of thinking about space  , rather than transmitting the single correct representation. , null  , then only the plain table scan is a possible candidate. Sponsored search is the task of placing ads that relate to the user's query on the same page as the search results returned by the search engine. In these experiments  , this step is carried out manually. Engström studied how the topic dependence influences the accuracy of sentiment classification and tried to reduce this de- pendence 5. Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Forward selection starts with a simple model usually all variables independent and iteratively adds terms accepting more complex hypotheses  , so long as there is sufficient evidence to accept new hypotheses. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. These events would reveal that the user had examined the search results  , but a user examining a search result would not necessarily emit a corresponding hover or scroll event. While missing demographic information can be obtained at a low cost  , missing test results can be significantly more expensive to obtain. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. We highlighted the major difficulty faced by a researcher in classical framework: the need to estimate a relevance model with no training data  , and proposed a novel technique for estimating such models. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. The worst performance is by LD. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. General query optimization is infeasible. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. We believe that by combining highly accurate genre classification with a robust retrieval and alignment we will be able to provide an effective tool for searching and browsing for both professionals and amateurs. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. Some instructions require a full word search or rewrite operand long instructions but others do not short instructions. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. There is a task identifier 'ki' for known-item search  , and 'ex' for expert search  , no identifier for discussion search  , as these were the first runs submitted. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. Thus  , we avoid confusing fusion improvements with simple parsing or other system differences. A selective search architecture reduces search costs by organizing a large corpus into topical index shards and searching only the most likely shards for each query. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. To support category-based concept search in the ONKI SKOS Browser  , another search field is provided. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. In fact  , this hybrid index optimization problem motivated the optimization problem underlying the size/speed tradeoff for OptPFD in Figure 2per query in milliseconds  , for a hybrid index involving OptPFD and IPC. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. Subjects provided demographic information and information about prior search experience and attitudes in a preexperiment questionnaire. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. 1: the user submits an initial query  , which can be addressed either to a traditional exploratory search system or to a human search system. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Intuitively  , this can be done because these constraints and conditions are  , in a sense  , analogous to the relational selection operations. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Here  , the problem of estimating an intended path pattern is defined as a pattern matching problem from incomplete data sequence of a human motion in its early stage. Linked document collections  , such as the Web  , patent databases or scientific publications are inherently relational   , noisy and sparse. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. Our new approach focuses on the data  , the term-document matrix X  , ignoring query-speciic information at present. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: Every subject is first required to give his/her relevance judgements on the results of QA1 and QA2 w.r.t the two information needs IN1 and IN2. Text search in specific parts of the documents is a critical feature for many applications. For the second run  , this score was combined with that of a statistical model that was trained to distinguish documents that are referred to by GeneRIFs from those that are not. 1 Google Trends 2 is a similar resource we can resort to. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. For example  , a user may search for " blackberry " initially to learn about the Blackberry smartphone; however  , days or weeks later the same user may search for " blackberry " to identify the best deals on actually purchasing the device. It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. If a leaf node is popped off the stack  , we can return the qualifying entries that we find on it. , VMs. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. As a result  , the search result of a query may change accordingly as the corpus of a search engine evolves. We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. 3. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. A different approach is to derive a reduced-order dynamical manipulator model 6. , explicitly indicating where the concepts should appear. Il;PyT IXi; IJ  , where yT is the most likely label of the token Xi a linelblock in the title page of a book in the instance x a book. Iterative depth first search was used. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. In order to maximize the cortical activity signal and minimize muscle-related activity and other artifactual noise  , we included only the 20 centrally located electrodes. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. , the lack of access pattern privacy usually allows for statistical attacks compromising data confidentiality .