We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. The two essential parts are summarized in Figure 3. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. Intermediaries interact with information seekers to clarify their search context and attempt to understand what is important for the information seekers' information need; they then apply their knowledge of the available collections and search knowledge to form their strategic search plans  , and negotiate a set of search results with information seekers. to a more specialized search engine. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. A standard approach to optimize search and query in the vocabulary is to maintain a tree-based data structure 17– 19. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. Accordingly  , we combine the textual similarity and structural similarity to effectively rank the MCCTrees. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. This complexity arises from three main sources. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. In this section it is assumed that only weak information  , such as a velocity bound  , is known regarding the target. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. Descriptor approaches usually are robust  , amenable to database indexing  , and simple to implement. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. For each video clip  , FRAS representation can capture not only its inter-frame similarity information but also sequence context information. Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. In this section we will shortly describe the fingerprints and similarity measures widely used in the chemical domain. We compute the values as follows: Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Their system was one of the bests in TREC7 CLIR runs. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. , 2 I   , which requires huges space for long pattern datasets. We argue that the above conclusion does not hold in general. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. Search tasks formed reflect the following typical search tactics in fiction searching: known author/title search  , topical search  , open-ended browsing  , search by analogy and searching without conducting a query. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. It provides two APIs: the internal API  , used mainly by the interpreter and the dynamic compiler to automate the interaction with the isolation engine  , and the external API  , exposed to expert programmers as a package written in the Java programming language. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. Search Meta-Index. Other search strategies can be specified as well. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. Consequently  , if a search by keywords is performed   , the same search using the title or the author will not return new results. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. It consists of five key phases: the visual similarity graph construction phase Line 1  , the E-construction phase Line 2  , the decomposition phase Line 3  , the summary compression phase Line 4  , and the exemplar summary generation phase Lines 5-9. Most of the techniques to perform text search fall into two categories. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. The number of in-memory sorts needed is exponential in k. This exponential factor is unavoidable  , because the width of the search lattice of the datacube is exponential in k. It remains to be seen whether or not the exponential CPU time dominates the I/O time in practice. Flickr provides a search service for tags  , locations and full text. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. It also includes a set of browsing capabilities to explore MultiMatch content. We extracted 128 and 101 query reformulation pairs from the search session logs of the 2011 and 2012 datasets excluding the current query of each session  , respectively. A search by location could be limited specified by time and category time period type classification. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. Various programming logics have been used  , such as Hoare Logic  101  , Dynamic Logic 4  , and Boyer-Moore Logic 23. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. EDR and EDICT bilingual Japanese-English dictionaries were used in translation. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . This was followed by factoring classes out  , with an average reduction by 33.4%  , and finally dead-markup removal with an average reduction by 12.2%. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. However  , if one accepts a decrease in recall  , the search can be dramatically accelerated with similarity hashing. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. That is  , we choose 0.1 K+1 fol " .tif. " Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. , precision and purity. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. 5  , 39. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. In all conditions  , the search system displayed a spinning wheel when it was busy. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. Such a paradigm is common in search literature.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. Once we have py|x  , λ  , the log-likelihood for the whole train set S is given by For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: Text search in specific parts of the documents is a critical feature for many applications. , defined by frequencies of events in the sample then uncertain measures are simply summaries of several individual observations for each fact. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. Federated text search provides a unified search interface for multiple search engines of distributed text information sources. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. We evaluated our system on the TREC-5/6 CLIR task  , using a corpus of 164 ,778 Chinese documents and titles of the 54 English topics as queries. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. The contradictions identified from this study can inform the development of discovery platforms for multilingual content. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. While these metrics provide a good estimate of the quality of the search results  , and in turn have been shown to correspond to search effectiveness of users  , these do not take into account the search success of a specific user for a session. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . The query is issued to the corresponding index and a series of possibly relevant records are returned by the search engine. A much more convenient way for accessing these collections would be connecting them within a single search interface  , applying the common meta search technique. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. As the quality of machine translation improved  , the focus of CLIR user studies expanded from merely enabling users to find documents e.g. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. 4.3 on a training data set. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. Fusion was by CombMNZ with exponential z-score normalisation. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. Denote these distances D F   , ..  , 0 2 for the robot position X . The goal of results merging  , which is the second task of federated search  , is to combine results selected from the given search engines into a single ranked list. Often  , scanning more of the scene will increase the likelihood that the scan can be found in the terrain map. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. The path is computed using dynamic programming with a cost function that is proportional to path lengthes and to the potential along the paths. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. It is clear that pre-search context is very different from user search history or search session context  , which are explored by many previous studies for understanding search intent. 3. attribute vs. property: the meta-programming facility of scripting languages enables the addition of attributes to objects dynamically whereas their dynamic typing enables the attributes to have values of multiple types. search. By using entities instead of text  , heterogeneous content can be handled in an integrated manner and some disadvantages of statistical similarity approaches can be avoided. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. Since there are only finitely many sensor measurements  , we have to consider only finitely many candidates. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. The weight function of a chess piece i.e. We submitted ve oocial CLIR runs and scored an additional four unoocial runs locally  , as shown in Table 2. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. Heuristic Rule for DFF : Select DFF from Ci to Cj iff one ,of the following condition holds : l Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. Even though there is a single continuous period 1993–2010  , it is represented in two different triples that both intersect the interval in the query 1997  , 2003. If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. Leading search firms routinely use sparse binary representations in their large data systems  , e.g. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. It is conceivable that reiterations 22 or the compression of vertex identifiers 3 could further speed up the computation. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. Journal Search. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. The test written collection was from TREC-8 composed of English documents and queries in a number of European languages. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. , search queries and corresponding search results to users' mobile devices to enable a realtime search experience at a lower cost for the datacenter. Section 4 presents our conclusions and future work. , Rn−1}  , including the set itself. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. , t-test is also employed. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. There are exponentially many possible segmentations  , but dynamic programming makes the calculation tractable. Our evaluation results show that the triple translation is more precise than the word-by-word translation with the co-occurrence model. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. Define Wv  , P  , Q as the largest value of W for which the value of the game with initial priors P and Q  , is positive. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. The user will use a search form to specify the search criteria. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer. Each topic has three versions  , Arabic  , English and French. , near cognates. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: By referring to the feature map  , each particle can determine the relative orientation of features observable in its field of view as a function of bearing We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . The approach relies on a classifier to suggest the topperforming engine for a given search query  , based on features derived from the query and from the properties of search result pages  , such as titles  , snippets  , and URLs of the top-ranked documents . Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. Importantly  , the appropriate type of navigation depends strongly on whether the search is a hasty/heuristic search 1   , an exhaustive search  , or a search that evaluates high priority regions first. The results of our experiments demonstrate that the term-similarity based sense disambiguation does improve the retrieval performance of dictionary based CLIR performance. A search for " Bob's U2 Site " would be within our scope  , but a search for " U2 Sites " would not. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Since this is a prediction task  , one may drop optimality for the sake of prediction performance   , adopting AICC instead. The double exponential complexity makes this solution infeasible even for very small DNFs. Here  , we assume the camera trajectory is independent of the feature points. On the other hand  , a Dynamic Programming DP strategy St:79 builds PTs by I~reatltMirst. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. For a survey of works on search behavior  , see 11. , AltaVista  , Lycos  , Inktomi  , Yahoo are based on keyword search. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. Finally  , some concluding remarks are given in Section 5 . In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. We developed an integrated search interface as a stand-alone Java application to support this multimodal search. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. We relax this restriction and allow the alignment to a paragraphs in the near past within 5% of the total number of paragraphs. Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. These are some of the questions we will address in our future research. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. Depending on the application  , these domains could involve dimensionality equal to if not larger than the number of input vectors. Otherwise  , we cannot tell anything about p. Such a function T would at least be capable of telling us that some subset of pages with a trust score above δ is good. The idea behind the proposed methodology is to exploit structural similarities observed among the different monolingual projections computed with MDS to identify possible correspondences among new multilingual documents. , a query issued to a search engine  , and proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. All modules and related technical information are illustrated in Figure 5. Frequent substructures may provide insight into the behavior of the molecule  , or provide a direction for further investigation8. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . Person.name. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. The discrete state space S  , the action space A  , the structure of the state transition probabilities and the reward function all remain unchanged when new monitors are added to the system. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. , array of floating point values. The search box remains unchanged from other systems at this point. We therefore explored one of the several possible sources of statistical evidence for synonymy. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. The lower pair of numbers a  , b represents the result of the optimal bit assignment. Our work is significantly different from the research on repeated search results since our targeting recommendation domain is fundamentally different with the search domain where the latter needs users' search queries to drive users' click behaviors. Some of the earliest work in CLIR was done by Salton 17 and Pevzner 13 who used thesauri to index and retrieve documents written in multiple languages. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. for some nonnegative function T . where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003. Recently  , in 19  , routing indices stored at each peer are used for P2P similarity search. Users can refine their search terms provided at the advanced search functions. In addition  , word co-occurrence statistics in the target language has been leveraged for translation disambiguation 3  , 10  , 11  , 19. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. ABET also comes with a library of commonly used transformations  , e.g. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: The i-th customer θi sits at table k that already has n k customers with probability n k i−1+λ The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. The server consists of a search engine index  , and a document and terms database. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. Contributions and Organization: We have just formally defined " researcher recommendation "   , an instance of " similar entity search " for the academic domain. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. In order to maximize the cortical activity signal and minimize muscle-related activity and other artifactual noise  , we included only the 20 centrally located electrodes. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. In 2005  , sponsored search was a $12 billion industry for the four largest search engines 6. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. These properties make it the ideal search strategy in an interactive CLIR environment. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. To perform this experiment  , we use a standard  , state-of-the-art search engine  , in this case the Terrier search engine 4   , to create highly simple search engines   , i.e. The number of documents that are part of the non-retrieved set that is greater than a threshold cutoff in similarity represents missed documents that would reduce the recall rate. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. where K y = KX  , X + σ 2 I is the covariance matrix for the observations y made at locations X and where θ= θ represents a set of hyper-parameters specified according to a given covariance function. This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. A crucial aspect of faceted search is the design of a user interface  , which offers these capabilities in an intuitive way. Indeed  , it has been widely reported that queries have a zipfian distribution and individual queries are temporally clustered 29. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. Definition: A search trail is an ordered sequence of actions performed by the user during a search goal. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. Proposed method repeats both global search and serial local search. These subjects were asked to perform a search for documents within a subject area of their own choosing. LRT D sj tells the influence of translating sj to t k Ds j  in CLIR. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. Thus  , a recurrence relation can be established as Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. This test is being done with W3C Semantic Search. We are currently investigating a dynamic programming technique that improves on this performance. , substructures of an entity are not simply substrings of the entity name. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. From the CLIR viewpoint  , MT is not regarded as a promising approach. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " For many applications  , however  , trajectories are updated continuously . Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. However  , the Poisson model in their paper is still under the document generation framework   , and also does not account for the document length variation. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. For each FSM  , a shortest path problem is solved simultanously  , stressing a dynamic programming approach. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. For this example  , both MDLH-Greedy and MDLH-Dynamic compute sub-optimal solutions. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. 8  presented a probabilistic model for generating rewrites based on an arbitrarily long user search history . Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query. But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. example of a sentiment-based search screen and its result pages. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. Top PZR search trail is done by a novice user whereas the lower PZR search trail is done by a power user. Search by location: A search by location identifies a place and for that place all available time periods events for that location. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. 9. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. Hence  , each expert's pseudo-document is indexed by a search engine for efficient querying and access. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. Lib instances. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. To further test the quality of the suggested queries  , CLQS system is used as a query " translation " system in CLIR tasks. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. The above described methodology relies critically on our ability to generate a population of agents that share a SKS. Rather than seeking to map multilingual query terms  , Wang 50 studies the use of a web-based term translation approach to find translations for unknown cross-language queries in digital libraries. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. XAP/l's Search Executive uses a simple form of the A* search to find an optimal plan. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. During term translation  , the translations of a term are also retrieved from this same bilingual lexicon. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. Field 7 assumes no prespecified path but assumes quasi-static conditions of operation. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure . where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. This optimal change forms the new state of the system and the search procedure repeats until convergence. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . Given a tweet t from user u and her followers F ollowersu  , our goal is to learn a function F that estimates the likelihood of follower fi fi ∈ F olloweru retweeting t in future. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. Since patents are often written in different languages  , cross-language information retrieval CLIR is usually an essential component of effective patent search. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. As a demonstrator for contextualized corpora  , we have created a semantic search demo based on Apache Solr and PHP. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible. Hashing 6  , 24  , 31 has now become a very popular technique for large scale similarity search. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In this way  , the operation becomes a combinatorial optimization problem which can be solved by dynamic programming 21  , 22. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. The medical dictionary contained 67 ,000 Finnish and English entry words. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. Consequently  , the performance on this topic is drastically reduced by incorporating the concept language model. In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. Dynamic programming efficiently solves for a K for each possible θ   , i.e. Another unique feature is the exploration of a new and automatic method for deriving word based transfer dictionaries from phrase based transfer dictionaries. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. Keywords have become a serious constraint in searching non-textual media. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. This prevented us from effectively exploiting similarity based on topic distributions with some queries. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. 1for an example spectrogram. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. Statistical t-test 13 is conducted to indicate whether the CLQS-based CLIR performs significantly better. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. But  , it is not hard to verify that the log likelihood function Lθ is concave in α and β under the parameter constraints listed in Lemma 3.1. In the Web community there is lots of discussion about organic and sponsored search. cluding all search portal events from a search session  , if there is a search event immediately after a browse event  , we call the tuple {URL  , query} a " browse → search " pattern where URL is the page visited in the browse event and query is extracted from the search event. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. The task in the CLIR track is an ad hoc retrieval task in which the documents are in one language and the topics are in a different language. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. The number of execution plans explored by the optimizer depend on the' applied search strategy. The likelihood function Eq. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. The task demanded the users to search for a film  , available on a multilingual video cassette. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. The problem of selecting a predictive attribute subset Ω ⊆ C can be attacked as a search problem where each state in the search space represents a distinct subset of C 10 . Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Kinematics modeling plays an important role in robot programming and control. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. A similarity range query retrieves all objects in a large database that are similar to a query object  , typically using a distance function to measure the dissimilarity. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. Thus  , we are presented with a difficult choice: if the data is represented in original format using the inverted index  , it is less effective for performing documentto-document similarity search; on the other hand  , when the data is transformed using latent semantic indexing  , we have a data set which cannot be indexed effectively. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. This is also observed in our experiments. As opposed to run A1  , the likelihood function for run B3 has only a single interval where it takes on its maximum value. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. For scaling our similarity-search technique to massive document datasets we rely on the Min-Hashing technique . Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. Here  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning 20. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. Given that model  , the likelihood function for the training dataset with respect to one query is as follows. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. In this section we formulate the value of a particular ad as a dynamic programming problem and use this formulation to derive the optimal bidding strategy for a particular ad. The user has one single entry point to start of his information search. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. Origin: The first page in the trail after the SERP  , visited by clicking on a search result hyperlink. With this viewpoint  , we also measure search quality by comparing the distances to the query for the K objects retrieved to the corresponding distances of the K nearest objects. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. Using such data presentation i.e. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. , by translating the full text. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Kumar et al. We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. We can group the possible CLIR scenarios into the following three main settings: 1. the document collection is monolingual  , but users can formulate queries in more than one language. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. Four search tasks were devised  , each simulating a search intent. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . The method is also an initial holonomic path method. As a result  , a local search produces a ranked list of entities from a local search business database; for ease of notation  , we will refer to these entities as businesses in the following  , as these are the most common form of local search results. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. Compute the search direction. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. the minimum the corresponding points contribution to the overall DTW distance  , and thus can be returned as the lower bounding measure Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. Table 4displays these results. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. Every time the user performs a search  , the search engine returns the results and also updates a cookie that the browser stores on the user's machine with the latest search. , the formula without the normalization factor and the exponential function. Figure 12shows an example. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. A' search is used to generate these paths. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. In addition to the classical IR tasks  , cross-language IR CLIR also requires that the query or the documents 7 be translated from a language into another. The simplest approach toward dictionary-based CLIR is to use all the translations of query words provided by the dictionary equally 5  , 6 . Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. Dupret and Lalmas 17 use times between search engine visits to compare two versions of a search engine. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. Tassa et al. In previous work 37  , Zhou et al. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. Xu et al. c. General search strategy. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. The experiments on TREC In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. A subsequent example will illustrate our approach. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. It is evident from this table that  , both DO and HSA  , are the most efficient metrics to compute compared to MAP and perplexity. We can thus quantify the accuracy of an observed rank correlation usingˆseusingˆ usingˆse boot . An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. Section 3 presents our proposed method  , which contains the sentence similarity measure  , distance matrix construction   , document-dependent stop words computation  , application of anisotropic diffusion method  , and the customized dynamic programming technique. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. , normalized size of set intersections . We hope to speed up the current method with the current hardware configuration. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l Results. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. use a technique based on mapping term statistics before computing term weights 8  , 2  to establish a strong context-independent baseline . Furthermore  , we describe a manner in which a content hole search can be performed using Wikipedia. This application was built using the C programming language. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. For example   , ABC uses a search engine which enables one to search some specific text that appeared in ABC news. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. The grasp synthesis procedure can be viewed as a search procedure ll. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. Only when the number is within a reasonable range does the user need to retrieve search results by clicking on the search button  , which will display the search results in a separate browser's window. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. , are reported as the final disparity map L/R check. , using Keizai 4  , Mulinex 1 and recently MIRACLE 3. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. 31 described a system for Mandarin Chinese voice search and reported " excellent performance on typical spoken search queries under a variety of accents and acoustic conditions. " The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. If their types match  , we further check whether they are synonyms. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Table 2presents the retrieval performance statistics for the three runs. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. A static search session is the search history of a real user in an interactive search system  , including the users' search queries  , click-through  , and other information. , Pj i vi  , with the constraint that j1 + · · · + ji = j. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. Leaving {πi} N i=1 free is important  , because what we really want is not to maximize the likelihood of generating the query from every document in the collection  , instead  , we want to find a λ that can maximize the likelihood of the query given relevant documents. Given two sets of terms x and y  , we measure their co-existence level by there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. The early search tasks were either classical ad hoc search or high-precision search  , but following trends on the web  , recent TREC Web evaluations have focused on known-item search and topic distillation. The dynamic queries interface Figure 2 provides a visualization of both the query formulation and corresponding results. Each control U represents a possible action of the manipulators. BNIRL limits the size of the candidate reward space to a finite set  , allowing for parallelized pre­ computation of approximate action value functions. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Koyanagi and Kawai 6 consider two parallel queues with two classes of parts where a customer may be transferred to another queue by paying an assignment cost. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . Each search unit is controlled from a control computer which loads the queries into the search units. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. The DTW distance is computed by dynamic programming with a matrix as shown in Figure 1b. Every log entry contained a user identifier  , a time-stamp for every page view  , and the URL of the visited page. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. In theory  , a tighter classification threshold causes more queries to be issued as uncharacteristic queries with a large search radius  , which results in lower search efficiency but can reach a higher percentage of the hubs. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. It is crucial for a search engine to rank relevant documents high in a search result list. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. Such systems tend to produce high but fixed information quality levels  , but at a high cost also fixed. Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. We observe that the queries may be classified into three categories: 1 5 queries that have both monolingual and CLIR result of average precision lower than 0.1 #58  , #61  , #67  , #69  , and #77. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. This seems a bit low  , so that AP and SDA are probably too dissimilar for such use. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. ACM 978-1-59593-597-7/07/0007. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . Section 3.1 gives a high-level description of our general dynamic programming approach. The decomposition uses a combination of heuristic and dynamic programming strategies. This system provides a dynamic and automated faceted search interface for users to browse the articles that are the result of a keyword search query. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. time criteria. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. Retrieval effectiveness is commonly measured using either average precision across a series of recall values or at a fixed rank. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. Among the popular commercial search engines  , only a few offer the search option to limit a search session to a specified website. It is difficult to construct more good MT systems to cover other languages. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. The total cost number of sequence comparisons of our methods are up to 20 and 30 times less than that of Omni and frequency vectors  , respectively. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. The system uses it automatically when no operator is specified. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. In Section 5 we test the performance of our model on the cross-language retrieval task of TREC9  , and compare our performance with results reported by other researchers. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. A* is another common search technique lo. This is illustrated in Figure 3. ASP  , JSP  , and PHP are typical examples of web technologies that use some form of dynamic page generation. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. On the other hand  , these large sites could potentially benefit a lot from self-learning search  , given the amount of traffic and the revenue deriving from search. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. 2 SARM search engine. This challenge has contributed to the increasing popularity of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR among researchers in the Information Retrieval IR community in recent years. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. Additional controls support conditional flow  , dynamic type checking  , synchronisation  , iteration etc. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. The advantage of this calculation is its efficiency  , compared to that of WM1. One approach to generating such suggestions is to find all pairs of similar queries based on the similarity of the search results for those queries 19. The fourth column A-m shows the acquisition method of the material  , which has five values: library Lib  , third-party T-p  , license Lic  , purchase Pur and voluntary deposit V-d. We wanted to determine whether it was possible to automatically induce a hierarchical tag structure that corresponded to the way in which a human would perform this task. However  , we believe that MT cannot be the only solution to CLIR. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We also revisited our merging approach  , trying out an alternative strategy. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. , version of the operating system. The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. In this way we always aim at the neighbouring cell with the best worst-outcome. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. It can be observed that reducing the pool depth does Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. The similarity scheme is more complex  , requiring some IR machinery in order to measure the cosine similarity between the examined results and the term vectors induced from the Trels. In the next sections describing our runs  , we will use the following terminology. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. types of dynamic programming  eg search in a state space can be used to compute minimum-time motion trajectories. Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. In Section 2  , we present our transliteration techniques. For all a ∈ Ase  , we write the search engine's Q-function  , which represents the search engine agent's long term reward  , as: While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Furthermore  , an external memory implementation would require significant additional disk space. With respect to the number of goals and resolution  , the size of the search space is n·r.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. In many documents and requests for information  , technical terms and proper names are important text elements. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. The cost function used during this search uses the following factors: 1. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. Finally  , although user interface programming applies directly to traditional command line interfaces  , it is far more complex in the face of modern graphic interfaces 173. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. 1  propose a formalization of different types of success for informational search  , and presented a scalable game-like infrastructure for crowdsourcing search behavior studies  , specifically targeted towards capturing and evaluating successful search strategies on informational tasks with known intent. A search is an interaction that leads to a result page; a query is a set of terms given by a search. Under the pay-per-click mechanism  , search engines get paid every time a user clicks on a displayed ad. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. The broad-brush effect can be eliminated by identifying such alliances and grouping them together. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. BLAST 123and FASTA 32 are are commonly used for similarity searching on biological sequences. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. Aggregated search can be compared to federated search 18 also known as distributed information retrieval  , which deals with merging result rankings from different search engines into one single ranking list. In fact the accuracy and effectiveness of the programming  , simulation   , and control of the robot depend on the model of the robot. Wold et al. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. It is shown in Fig. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. Combined with the intensity measure  , these features point to a more temporally structured query. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. When possible  , the local proxy is equipped with a large local store which the client can locally search. The likelihood can be written as a function of We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. Finally  , there is growing concern about the fact that the world is dependent on a few quasi-monopolistic search engines. , an " uninformative " prior. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. correctness of a search N Mean Standard Deviation These results support our interpretation of unique words in a search as a measure of search effort. , when the user has not selected the news tab. Once we know that the recursive search on a row-maximal pCluster cannot lead to a maximal pCluster  , the recursive search thus can be pruned. Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. In this ar-ticle  , we present a novel demo Search Engine with dynamically established live Chat Channels SECC. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. When a user comes to a search engine  , she formulates a query according to her search intent and submits it to the search engine. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. We define the problem of subset selection in hierarchical clusters: choose a set of disjoint clusters that have exactly or at least k vertices. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. The present problem differs from the conventional MPC approach in the sense that the manipulated variable can assume only finite values. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. Consequently  , a fast robot might finish covering the next search disc before the slow robot finished searching in the previous disc  , thus  , for H-MRSTM  , condition 1 does not suffice  , and the following condition complements it. In the study  , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. To test whether CLIR systems that perform well in the news stories domain are robust enough to simply be used in a different domain  , we have compared SYSTRAN easiest  , most convenient choice that worked extremely well in past evaluation forums and two corpus-based methods trained on the Springer corpus. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. The labels show the topic numbers. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. In general it is an intractable task to enumerate all possible y. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. , section 3.1  , is large. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. This API provides a " search site " option. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. Under these conditions  , the semantic model alone performs much worse than keyword-based search. An evolutionary improvement takes place. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. A second experiment dealt with score normalisation. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. However  , for the purposes of the experiments described here  , it was treated as a series of simple bilingual dictionaries 1 . Hence  , the number of non-zero translation probabilities in q is no more than the total number of translations provided by the bilingual dictionary for the query words  , which is usually much smaller than the product m s m t . After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. This is what enables DIR to detect the equilibrium when pb = 1 ≤ 1 2 . This heuristic then guides an A* search  , which takes place directly on the prophet graph. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. However  , the exponential complexity of dynamic programming may limit the optimizer to queries that involve not more than 15 relations. The proposed dual-robot assembly station has several features which require more intelligent programming for operation. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. We investigated two popular similarity measures  , Jaccard Similarity and Cosine Similarity  , and our experiments showed that the latter had a much better performance and is used in the remainder of our experiments. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. Search engines can update their index in batch mode  , incremental mode  , or real-time mode  , according to the freshness requirements for the search results. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. For each example  , a judge is asked to infer the user's search intent based on qt as well as the context c. Then , The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. The Levenshtein distance  , or edit distance  , defined over V   , dV x  , y between x and y is the cost of the least expensive sequence of edit operations which transforms x into y 17. We leave for future work the bias-variance decomposition of the log-likelihood loss as in 8. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. One of the users reviewing the release 3.0 assigned five stars to the app and asked for the implementation of search suggestions  " I wish it can have search suggestions in the search bar " . The goal of this section is to illustrate why similarity search at  , high dimensionality is more difficult than it is at low dimensionality. Once entry Ei  , · · ·  has been used to compute all the entries for node i 2   , it can be garbage-collected. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. People use search engines by expressing their information need as a textual search query – the information retrieval request. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Similarity search has been touted as an effective approach to find relevant images in a multimedia document collection . Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. Given the architecture illustrated in Figure 1  , probability of observing one of the surrounding documents based on the current document Pdm+i|dm is defined using the soft-max function as given below , Single query searches have a " look-up " character. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. Table 3summarises the results of our " swap " experiments using the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese and Japanese data. Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. In the first generation  , the population generator will generate n crossover points  , i.e. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. We discarded the leading one second of each trial to remove any transient effects. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. In addition  , the seating likelihood of better classroom performers in central positions discussed later made the pace variation an important issue for mouse control. Cheng  , Gao  , Liu proposed a method of predicting search intents based on a page read by a user 13. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. The focus of this study is on empirical evaluation of the proposed system. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data. This probability is embedded in the complete data likelihood and since all distributions are normal  , P Un ,u|rest is also normal. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. The data showed that users clicked mainly on the search box presumably to enter a search term and also on the search button presumably to initiate a search. To separate the effect of using a single iterator from the other effects of Bidirectional search  , we created a version of backward search which we call single iterator backward search or SI-backward search. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. 3.2. The orientation estimate is non-ambiguous in this case since we exploited inter-class confusion. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. The First- Match FM technique is used for term selection from a given entry in the MRD 8. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. We selected the DRs in the DMS that were marked as duplicates and each corresponding master report. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. We adopt the dynamic programming approach that proposed by Psaraftis4 . The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. Our system enables users to search for proximate terms. The WebDAV Search protocol introduces the SEARCH request enabling server-side searching. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. The resolution of this problem by classic optimization methods is not foreseeable in the general case due to the fact of the considerable increase of the complexity of the problem to optimize. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . In fact  , a class profile can be seen as an approximative unigram Language Model for the documents in that particular class. For one Web site  , when a page is presented in the browser window  , the passage positioned in the middle area of the window is regarded as a query  , and similarity-based retrieval is done for the other Web site. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. 1.0. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. , it carries out a similarity search 7. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The proportion of search types are presented in Table 5. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . 11. Each document that contains a match is included in the search result. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 20  , 21 studied the complex search task  , a search behavior that is usually applied to task-oriented search  , using search queries. These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. These models are then trained in a discriminative way  , usually with the goal of maximizing the likelihood of data under a parametrized likelihood function. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . This means that the search space exploration time complexity is Ologn * 2 |q| . The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Our method resulted in a precision of 42.10% and the baseline came in third with a precision of 30.05%. Section 6 presents experimental results and Section 7 compares the presented CLIR method to other statistical approaches found in the literature . In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? Due to this fact  , we argued that users may expect to find novel search results  , instead of simply to improve search performance when they reformulate queries 2. , and Bing via a similar methodology to White and Drucker 22 . Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the development of Web-scale content similarity search systems based on spatial indexing. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. The constant k mitigates the impact of uments according to the pairwise relation rd1 < rd2  , which is determined for each d1  , d2 by majority vote among the input rankings. An RGB likelihood function is applied to weigh the probability of samples belonging to the hand. , kill_parens to remove parenthesized expressions. For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. Equally popular was advanced search where it was found that 38% of the document search used the advanced search box. First  , since our optimizer is an extension of a standard optimizer we get all the benefits of advances in optimizer technology  , as well as the benefits of considering the entire search space  , leading to high quality  , efficient plans. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Their research is mainly based on analyzing logs when people use a search engine and a short survey. The context o f a search activation is that information which is dependent on the past and present history of the search. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Dictionary-based translation is often easier way to implement query translation than the methods based on the comparable documents or the parallel corpora  , as these are not readily available. However  , the effectiveness of such enterprise search systems has significant business implications and even a small improvement can have a positive impact on the organization's business. Table 3shows these results. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. where sc is the vector-space similarity of the query q with the contents of document d  , sa is the similarity of q with the anchor text concatenation associated with d  , and s h is the authority value of d. Notice that the search engine ranking function is not our main focus here. Moreover the total frequency has a good property for the dynamic programming strategy. Exhaustively searching all the states in graph G can be extremely time consuming due to the problem of combinatorial complexity exponential growth in n. In order to avoid these limitations   , we chose to use a monolingual test collection for which translated queries are available  , and to base our evaluation on the largest possible number of topics. For DE→EN  , QR achieves almost the same MAP compared to using OQ  , which demonstrates the usefulness of QR for CLIR. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2. We define a switch as an event of changing one search engine to another in order to continue the current search session. Now  , since we actually perform our computations in the domain of the natural logarithm of the likelihood function  , we must fit these values with a polynomial of In fact  , dictionary is a carrier of knowledge expression and storage  , which involves almost all information about vocabulary  , namely static information. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. with PPR We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . A feature many felt was lacking was a " smart search technology that can predict a user's intended search query when he misspells something  , like the Google search engine's 'Did you mean ? " In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. Summarizing what we observed in our experiments  , we may state that the use of domain-specific multilingual resources for enriching basic CLIR systems leads to effective results. The average length of the titles is 3.3 terms which approximates the average length of short web queries. Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. Complets A fundamental issue in dynamic layout support is the granularity of the minimal relocatable entity. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. , the top 1 ,000 search result images from search engines  , and edges are weighted based on their pairwise visual similarity. However  , because it can only handle one dimensional data  , it is not suitable for multi-dimensional similarity search. The local proxy redirects the user to the expanded search interface when a search engine is requested. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. 2. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. Notice that with the inner loop involving Step 4-7  , the moving step of the base point ,towards the minimum point increases very fast. , query language to the target i.e. In order to discover and query objects in the digital repository through the Tufts Digital Library generic search application was developed that provides two initial levels of searching capabilities: a "basic search"  , and an "advanced search." Given that a modern search engines appear to be strongly influenced by popularity-based measures while ranking results  , and b users tend to focus their attention primarily on the top-ranked results 11 ,13  , it is reasonable to assume that the expected visit rate of a page is a function of its current popularity as done in 5: In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. There might be two possible reasons. In general these strategies yield performance scores in the range of 50 to 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. The research cited viewed pivots as an unfortunate necessity: their use allowed retrieval to take place  , but at the cost of much introduced error. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Constructing an accurate domain-specific search engine is a hard problem. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. , " Microsoft "  and the partial address  " New York  , NY "   , individually  , the combined query has much fewer high-similarity matches. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. , N . There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. , metacrawler 3 and many W eb users build their own meta-search engines. For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . The retrieval model was originally proposed for CLIR. Dictionaries with such a structure may be available  , 2 and Section 3.2 presents 1In monolingual retrieval  , automatic query expansion techniques seek to achieve a similar effect. In comparison  , our work focuses specifically on task-oriented search  , and ignores other types of search such as browsing different attributes of an object  , which allows us to take the advantage of existing procedural knowledge to more reliably support search tasks when compared to the use of general search logs. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Futher research o n similarity search applications should elaborate the observation that the notion of similarity often depend from the data point and the users intentions and so could be not uniquely predeened. , color information. 256 colors in image databases . Jagadish et al. Set of intervals is formed by taking all pairs of split points. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. search engine as a mandatory building block : in the setting of a commercial search engine  , the only resource you can afford " for free " is the search engine itself . A similar idea has been applied successfully to statistical language modeling 5  , showing improved performance of the cache language model. Datasets. , ridge regularization. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. An example of a search criteria and the search polices are as follows by a consumer to the trading system: A detailed list of consumer search and match preferences is given in 7. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. , for all k  , d k ∈ l1  , s1. In TREC-9 we only participated in the English-Chinese cross-language information retrieval CLIR track. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. However  , the user of a CLIR system may be bilingual to some extent. If the function is MIN  , for example  , the first overlay set found would be selected. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. in the collision regions are found by selecting the configurations with locally minimum potential on MO. After index construction  , for similarity name search  , we generate a list of 100 queries using chemical names selected randomly: half from the set of indexed chemical names and half from unindexed chemical names. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. 4.2.1. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. We can now define the privacy  , È´µÈ´µ of a dataset with respect to the model as some function of the privacy of the individual data objects. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. Further   , the search strategy should be independent from the search space 17. A query usually involve both meta-data search and image content search. In the actual implementation  , we operate with log probabilities . Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. It can save computational time and storage space. In this paper we focused on applying our optimization approach to PHP  , but our approach could be used with other programming languages. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. The spatial gradient of this similarity measure is used to guide a fast search for the hest candidate. The two figures show that even at different granularities  , both NST@Self and NSTS@Crowd present similar patterns in check-in data and online shopping data  , which implies that novelty-seeking trait distribution tends to show consistency across heterogeneous domains. One avenue for future research lies with the path planner . We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. There was some suggestion in the results that the three-way triangulated queries may have outperformed the direct translation.