The result is produced by performing an in-memory duplicate elimination on each of the derived buckets. As with joins in relational queries  , optimization of navigation operations is crucial for efficiently executing complex Web queries. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. If we still can't connect both nodes to the same connected component of the roadmap  , then we declare failure. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. An outcome of our technique is that the Ordering Specification O-Spec of a collection and for that matter the SORT operation that produced it is a superset of the potential order that can be expressed by XQuery. Section 5 concludes this work. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. It is easy to see that NetPLSA shares the same hidden variables with PLSA  , and the conditional distribution of the hidden variables can still be computed using Equation 8. One approach to achieving this is to defer merging until after retrieval has taken place and fuse document rankings instead. In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. Specifically  , leaving si untranslated could be a wise choice if its semantics could be recovered by pre-or post-translation expansion. The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. However  , it is to be noted that the same problem also occurs for query translation with any tool MT or bilingual dictionary. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. To our knowledge  , no theoretically well founded framework for distributed retrieval is known so far that integrates acceptable non-heuristic solutions to the two problems. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. The TREC-2002 CLIR track will continue to focus on searching Arabic. The amount of computation depends not only on the number of parts and how they are interconnected  , but also on the solution to AND/OR graph. In the areas of pattern recognition and of machine learning  , a number of sophisticated procedures for classifying complex objects have been developed . Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. We believe that by combining highly accurate genre classification with a robust retrieval and alignment we will be able to provide an effective tool for searching and browsing for both professionals and amateurs. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. The A  , P  , and AP surfaces are mapped to an n-dimensional grid implemented as an n-tree  , and the search for a trajectory with minimum cost is performed in this grid. Since the path down the tree is controlled by the nodes that are popped from the heap  , the search is neither a true depth.first nor a true breadth·first search of the hierarchy. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. Often those search keys that have only one or two translations are the most important words of a request and  , vice versa  , those keys that have many translations are unimportant words. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. words translation 7. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. The paper is organized as follows. Given a query Q  , the virtual documents VDCi'S are treated as normal documents and are ranked for Q based on a probabilistic model. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. Frequent substructures may provide insight into the behavior of the molecule  , or provide a direction for further investigation8. In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. Methods for translation have focused on three areas: dictionary translariun  , parallel or comparable corpora for generating a translation model  , and the employment of mnchine franslution MT techniques. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. Statistical significance test i.e. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. A larger user study has already been designed and is underway. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. l 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. First we collected a When the probabilistic annotation model is used  , each word image in the testing set is annotated with every term in the annotation vocabulary and a corresponding probability. The time spent on the sort-and-merge takes up most of the running time over 70%. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Also note the current top-k bag-of-words approach shown in GREEDY-TAAT is based entirely on the frequency counts of each item. A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. It is not worth taking a risk to translate a term if the term probably perform poorly in CLIR. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . show informative evolutionary structure  , carrying concrete information about the corpus that are sometimes previously unknown to us. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. We observed that this optimization also helps in making the final SQL query less sensitive to input schema. We have tested three greedy search strategies: 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. See Figure 11for an example plan. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. between query blocks as an explicit join enables the optimizer to consider alternative methods e.g. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. These optimizations are similar to rewrite rules used in conventional single-query optimization 4 as well as in multi-query optimization 1  , 6.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. This is because LSH method is data-oblivious and may lead to inefficient codes in practice as also observed in 22 and 34. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. However  , the double skew case was not considered. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. Two gpg triples Gi  ,  ,Pj  ,  ,Gkl sumes less than 5.0 sec CPU time on a SPARC station 5. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. The two relations arc then joined at site S  , using either the sort-merge method SJSh4 or the nested loops method SJNL. Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. Both solutions deal with dynamic reoptimization of parts of a single query  , but they do not save and exploit this knowledge for the next query optimization run. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. The structure of the paper is a as follows. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. M one-pass = 2 x R done + R left  x S. Once the sort spills to disk  , there is no point to use more memory than the one-pass requirement hence  , from that point on  , the sort sets its cache requirement to the one-pass requirement. The effect of resource quality on retrieval efficacy has received little attention in the literature. Statistics about the remote databases are collected and maintained at II for later use by the optimizer for costing query plans. Following the similar idea of regularized es- timation 19  , we define a decay parameter η and a prior weight µ j as Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. In TREC-9 we only participated in the English-Chinese cross-language information retrieval CLIR track. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. In contrast  , query expansion uses a limited probabilistic model that assumes independence between features and the model parameters are often fit in a heuristic manner based on term frequency information from the corpus. The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. We discarded the leading one second of each trial to remove any transient effects. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. In such situations  , the cost to the destination can be computed without using equation 3 and the recursive computation terminates. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. , array of floating point values. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. Without relevant information  , term weighting function2  , was simplified to IDF-like function. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. On the other hand  , optimizing a query into a single plan at compilation time may result in a substantially suboptimal plan if the actual parameter values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. K = 2 for a and K = 10 for b  , are used. We observe that the queries may be classified into three categories: 1 5 queries that have both monolingual and CLIR result of average precision lower than 0.1 #58  , #61  , #67  , #69  , and #77. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with Many different retrieval models have been proposed and tested  , including vector space models 13  , 12  , 10   , probabilistic models7  , 16  , 15  , 3  , 6  , 5  , and logic-based models17  , 19  , 2. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? For tagging with batch-mode  , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. To further demonstrate this  , we experiment with the following autoregressive model that utilizes the volume of blogs mentions. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR needs to jointly optimize the tasks of translation and retrieval  , however   , it is standardly approached with a focus on one aspect. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. This means that this k e d point is saddle-type and unstable. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. In particular  , we index all the shortest paths starting from a source and ending with a sink. It differs from previous ones in that it includes a distance component that decays the mutual information between terms when the distance between them increases. ble as to be seen in Figure 3 . First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . The 10 components giving the best coverage of motif occurrences in the human upstream regions found by each method have been presented here. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. eClassOWL 6. To test whether CLIR systems that perform well in the news stories domain are robust enough to simply be used in a different domain  , we have compared SYSTRAN easiest  , most convenient choice that worked extremely well in past evaluation forums and two corpus-based methods trained on the Springer corpus. With the dual goal of relevancy and diversity  , we design a two-stage framework to find a set of questions that can be used to summarize a review. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Many problems in machine translation  , information retrieval  , text classification can be modeled as one based on the relation between two spaces. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. To control the join methods used in the query plans  , each plan was hand-generated and then run using the Starburst query execution driver. Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. Experimental results are presented in section 4 conclusions are drawn in section 5. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. In Section 4.2  , we give a detailed explanation of how we are able to infer that the result of the sort-merge join is guaranteed to be grouped on c custkey. Indeed  , when comparing the effectiveness of the retrieval using either <title> or <desc> query types  , we note that <title> queries consistently perform better on a variety of TREC collections see Table 1. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. Section 3 presents our RAM lower bound query execution model. For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. The Non-relevant model P d l |θN  is defined in the same way. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. For the former  , the average precision was 0.28  , and for the latter 0.20. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. sort-merge. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. Interestingly  , although the Web is constantly changing  , we were able to find most OOV terms  , many of which related to news events up to 10 years ago. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . The language modeling approach to information retrieval has recently been proposed as a new alternative to traditional vector space models and other probabilistic models. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. The simplest approach toward dictionary-based CLIR is to use all the translations of query words provided by the dictionary equally 5  , 6 . One of our merits is that we consider comprehensive factors including linguistic   , statistical  , and CLIR aspects to predict T . The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . This property  , if confirmed through further experiments  , would obviate the need to choose from two alternative retrieval methods based on the nature of the search task. The one sort space limit is used by memory-static sort as the default memory size. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. Our key idea is to extend PLSA 8 to build a topic-bridge and then transfer the common topics between two domains. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. Some variants of LSA have also been proposed recently. 8shows a modified Pioneer 3-AT at the bottom of a hill attempting to climb the hill. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. We participated in the 1999 TREC-8 ad hoc text retrieval evalu- ation 8. In order to keep the size of the induced lexicon manageable  , a threshold 0.01 was used to discard low probability translations. This means that we can start emitting results right away when we retrieve the first result from the index. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. However simple divide and conquer think merge-sort does not work in these scenarios. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. The result is consistently faster response times. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The parameter variation experiments were conducted on level ground and at a moderate slope of 8 degrees. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. These To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Figure 2a DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. In all of the experiments  , the learning rate is set to 0.025 and the window size is set to 8. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Instead of joins  , the optimiser must now enumerate G-Joins  , and must position G-Aggs  , G-Restricts  , Projects   , and Delta-Projects relative to the G-Jo&. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. 6 also pointed out that there is a big gap between term usages of queries and documents and a probabilistic model built through log mining could effectively bridge the gap. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies  , namely migration and emulation. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. able for short  , context-inadequate queries. Therefore  , according to Model 2  , the function of a document re-trieval system is to compute for each patron the probability that he will judge a document having the properties that he sought relevant; and then to rank the output ac- cordingly. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. The test collections are the TREC5 Chinese track  , the TREC9 cross-lingual track and the TREC5 Spanish track Voorhees and Harman  , 1997; Voorhees and Harman  , 2000. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. , query expansion on both the original and the translated queries  , are effective in improving CLIR performance. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. , when N is large. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. This reduces disk seek costs  , as opposed to fetching the buffers on demand. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. The NECLA team submitted four automatic runs to the 2012 track. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. In our experiments  , we used two versions of queries  , short only titles and long all the three fields. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. Fusion was by CombMNZ with exponential z-score normalisation. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. Similar trends are ohserved at site S ,. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. However  , their experiments are not conclusive and their retrieval functions are not shown to be effective and robust enough 28. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. A workaround this problem is to introduce a join of the tuple stream produced by the selection with a table of Oid's and cajole the optimizer to pick a merge sort join plan  , thereby forcing a sort on Oid. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. Probabilistic models for document corpora are a central concern for IR researchers. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. The following queries sd and gd translation = sd + gd translation of the topic " osteoporosis " represent all CLIR query types of the study and demonstrate the importance of structure in cross-language queries. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. The results are consistent with those previously reported on the TREC collections 32. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Assuming that an appropriate ordering exists  , sort-based bulk loading is not limited to one-dimensional index structures  , but can also be applied to OP-trees  , since OP-trees support insertions of entire trees. It chooses document xi with prob- ability This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Finally  , we would like to explore applications of our model in other tasks  , such as Topic Detection and Tracking  , and in other languages. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. CLIR on separate collections  , each for a language. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. , reading one track at a time. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. A sort may wait in one of five situations: Wl: in stage 0 waiting to start; W2: in stage 1 with 1stMin space; W3: in stage 1 with more memory; W4: in stage 3; W5: before an external merge step. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. White et al. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. Figure 4shows the average similarity of25 queries in each set retrieved over the two datasets every 50 seconds using a SUN Ultrasparc 2  , 200 MHz  , with 256MB of RAM. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. , the elements of assembly cx~ntrol strategy space U ,. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. For an n clof manipulator  , the search space is exponential in n  , resulting in n * X states for a discretization x. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. Hence  , any bottom up mining strategy needs to employ extra techniques for pruning the search space. We present here a case where new CLIR dictionary entries can be found with confidence. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. As hcforc  , the result site is taken to he the join site l.or these tests. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. The Self-Organizing Map generated a In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. Bicchi simulated the frictional constraints using a set virtual springs  , and a stiffness matrix representing the elasticity of the object . Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . For the official CLIR runs we tried these following configurations: For the post-hoc experiments  , we used PSE  , pre-translation query expansion  , one of four methods Pirkola's method  , Weighted TF  , Weighted DF  , or Weighted TF/DF  , and a probability threshold that was varied between 0.1 and 0.7 in increments of 0.1. Liu et al. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. Table 8  , both in terms of the number of languages being covered and the number of alignment units available e.g. The results have shown that the use of domain-specific resources for enriching the document representation and for performing a semantic expansion of queries is a suitable approach for improving the effectiveness of CLIR systems. The two different document-oriented and query-oriented views on how to assign a probability of relevance of a document to a user need have resulted in several different types of practical mod- els 17 . This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? Here S K i is denotes the amount o f k-itemsets for node i to send out. , English and Chinese  , and study the CLQS performance change due to the less strong correspondence among queries in such languages. While this is an ad-hoc method to determine the probabilities of a query model  , it does allow for the ICF to be partially separated from document smoothing. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The downside  , however  , is that machine translation is typically time-consuming and resource-intensive. A example is to run Microsoft WORD 1.0 on a Linux operating system emulating Windows 3.1. The noise covariance matrix Q can be also learned by off-line tuning. While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. Translating the query  , while preserving the weights from 1. Iterative Residual Rescaling IRR 1  is proposed to counteract LSA's tendency to ignore the minor-class documents .  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. In our experiments  , the top 10 terms are selected to expand the original query  , and the new query is used to search the collection for the second time. If the buckets are compressed before the matching phase  , we also show in LGM96 that the overall cost  , is lfil+ IF21 + 2 * If21 + I + U 10s. The importance of exploiting available orderings has been recognized in the seminal work of Selinger et al 4. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. The model is based on PLSA  , and authorship  , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. 2015. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. Finally  , conclusions appear in Section 5. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. For this test  , we select the TREC subtopics in the search task with | estimated on relevance judgments  , and the MovieLens dataset for the recommendation task. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. The related problems of traversing mud and high  , stiff vegetation are also of interest with the main issue being a technique for effective characterization of the vehicle-ground interaction. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. 3. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies   , namely migration and emulation. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. We found that  , counter to general wisdom regarding the max score optimization  , max score and our technique did not work as effectively on our expanded query set as on title queries. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. OOV word translation is a major knowledge bottleneck for query translation and CLIR. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. However  , our measurements clearly show that for joins without indices commercial INGRES is the only system to always provide acceptable performance. : the featurê y j must first be transformed into the coordinate frame of the i th keyframe of camera k  , i.e. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. Therefore this approach is expected to be generalized to all kinds of resources for opinion retrieval task. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. tl  , t k are still distingusable. For machine translation  , word disambiguation should be a very important problem. They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . γ is a parameter that controls the amount of regularization from external resources. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. , PLSA. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. Once the score s is found  , it possible to align each frame of the performance with the corresponding event in the score. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. For an XML input whose structure is opaque  , the user can still use a functional index or a text index to do query optimization. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. Each Chinese query was segmented into words using the segmenters as described above  , the Chinese stop words were then removed from each Chinese query. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. Their work only examined a single language pair English to Spanish  , and relied on the Collins's English-Spanish electronic dictionary. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. Learning can also be performed with databases containing noisy data and excep tional cases using database statistics. Figures 1 and 2 demonstrate the classification performance of OTM and other baseline models. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. So some works defined models that attempt to directly score the documents by taking into account the proximity of the query terms within them. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. The labels show the topic numbers. ,... ,.uon. The distributed outof-core sort makes use of the distributed in-core sort  , which in turn makes use of the local sort. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. For the constant elasticity case this means that K J = diag{K J ,i }  , i.e. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l it is quite difficult to understand. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. Increased availabMy of on-line text in languages other than English and increased multi-national collaboration have motivated research in cross-language information retrieval CLIR -the development of systems to perform retrieval across languages. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. Although we pointed out the scalability bottleneck associated with sorting the postings in the reducer  , in actuality  , there is no principled reason why this needs to be an in-memory sort. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. the class name  , is shown at the respective position in the figure. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. Thus solving the graph search problem in This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. The square symbol in Fig. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. Sharp pixel proportion 4 1 Photographs that are out of focus are usually regarded as poor photographs  , and blurriness can be considered as one of the most important features for determining the quality of the photographs. As the quality of machine translation improved  , the focus of CLIR user studies expanded from merely enabling users to find documents e.g. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. The expansion terms and the original query terms were re-weighted. Despite the effectiveness of PLSA for mapping the same document to several different topics  , it is still not a fully generative model at the level of documents  , i.e. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. a variable for the solving method. Otherwise  , these constraints require that at least one regrasp operation must be performed. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. The identical boolean factors are executed repeatedly over the same data set in the S-Data SteM. The term weight is calculated by multiplying probabilities similar to the well-known probabilistic models i.e. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. 8 first shred the XML tree into a table of two columns  , then sort and compress the columns individually. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. The distribution is of the form If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. Viterbi recognizer search. To enable this some training is typically needed. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. Figure 5ashows the actual elapsed time measurements  , and FiguresThroughout the full join experiments  , the outer relation for the NL-INDEX and PC join methods was the parent relation  , whereas the outer relation for the NL-SORT  , CP  , and CP-SORT join methods was the child relation. This is different from  , but related to  , the use of constraints in the area of semantic query optimiza- tion CGM88. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. This model is adopted in this study for triple translations. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. The server functions are supported by five modules to augment the underlying database system multimedia manipulation and search capability. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. The existing optimizers  , eg. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. The main differences between Apriori and Eclat are how they traverse this tree and how they determine the counter values. In addition to the classical IR tasks  , cross-language IR CLIR also requires that the query or the documents 7 be translated from a language into another. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  It sort of builds a binary tree  , where each link in the chain is extended with a 0 or 1 label association. The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. We expect that the model trained with all the parallel documents from the Web will perform better. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. This probably favoured the baseline queries. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. Building on prior research in federated search  , we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. Over all six TREC collections  , UG achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BM. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. We discuss extensions in $2.3. Despite the seemingly lower word coverage compared to using " bag of words "   , decent performance has been reported when using appraisal words in sentiment classification 24. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. In this section we give a design for a simple query rewrite system to illustrate the capabilities of the Epoq architecture and  , in particular  , to illustrate the planning-based control that will be presented in Section 5. These English terms were potential queries in the Chinese log that needed correct cross-language translations. The inference is performed by Variational EM. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . Finally  , we demonstrate the benefits of simply establishing a one-to-one mapping between keywords and the states of the semantic classification problem over the more complex  , and currently popular  , joint modeling of keyword and visual feature distributions. Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. The former is much more flexible as it easily allows online insertion and update. As last year  , on this occasion we have tried only the threshold optimization. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. The result sets for each topic from each Web domain name were saved to disk. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. In this paper  , we conducted a preliminary study on using PLSA models to capture hidden aspects of retrieved passages. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. The terms of special dictionaries are often unambiguous. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. Turning to the models proposed in this paper  , the BEX approach alleviated the risk of temporal conditioning of search results for in comparison to EXP. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. Figure 15: Estimated and observed merge time for skewed input when using 3MB of memory for buffers. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. Hybrid policies minimize the flushing of intermediate buffers from main memory   , and hence can decrease the I/O cost for a given execution. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. For future work we plan to investigate the effect of using reference resolution techniques on the performance of the proposed method. They found a 55% loss in average precision in queries translated word-by-word compared to the original queries. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. 37 Some of the probabilistic models described in the literature have recently been compared and unified 38  , and a new  , ultimate probabilistic model has been proposed which makes maximum use of all available information without implicitly making assumptions about any unknown data. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. We use the term " hand " heca.uae a InpIe 7 in R joins with a tuple s in S only if r. A appears within a " hand " of size cl + c2 about s-5. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . The alignments are then used for building a cross-language information retrieval system  , and the results of this system using the TREC-6 CLIR data are given. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. The overall speedup depends on the number of results in each query. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. , OWL2DL. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. can compare the resultant mapping with the original data set directly. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. the selection of the correct translation words from the dictionary. When the source relation is large relative to the available memory  , the database system may not be able to allocate enough buffers to a sort operator for it to merge all of its runs in a single step. Our CLIR participation involved both the French and English queries and included experiments with the merging strategy. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. This could bc used cvcn with other join methods like nestedloop and sort-merge. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. Assume we have two samples of diversification results in terms of α-nDCG@20. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. The contradictions identified from this study can inform the development of discovery platforms for multilingual content. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. An incore merge is similar to an in-core sort  , in the sense that it includes cross-SPE merges and local merges. A key task in information retrieval is to rank a collection of documents according to their respective relevance to a user query. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Our work is also related to term selection from a query. Given the initial and desired final configurations of the system  , the high level problem is how to get from the initial to the final equivalence region. If these NPs are not stored in the dictionary  , they are most likely to be translated incorrectly. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. So  , if an uncompressed file is size IFI  , the compressed size will be IJ'I/u blocks long. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. Similar subtle differences can be observed for Topic 3 IR as well. We therefore explored one of the several possible sources of statistical evidence for synonymy. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. The second and third query versions Q' Thecompared AveP and G AveP. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . Since the grammar productions are carried out in a topdown   , left-to-right fashion  , the grammar will build the output string from left to right. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. Following TREC-8  , the venue for European-language retrieval evaluation moved to Europe with the creation of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF  , first held in Lisbon in September 2000 1. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting  , model combination  , and complexity control. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. We present a technique that transforms an unstructured bilingual dictionary into a structured one  , and experimental results obtained using that technique. Focused crawlers  , in contrast to breadth-first crawlers used by search engines  , typically use an informed-search strategy and try to retrieve only those parts of the Web relevant to some given topic 1  , 5  , 9  , 15 . The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. Many participating research teams reported results for word-only indexing  , making that condition useful as a baseline. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. A new concept called " theme " is introduced in TSM for document modeling  , and a theme is modeled as a compound of these three components: neutral topic words  , positive words and negative words  , in each document. A second experiment dealt with score normalisation. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. SchemaSQL 5 implements transposing operations. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". Most of our results concern transaction equivalence and optimization. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. The simplest approach is to retain the same formulae  , but to suppress the contribution of unlikely translations. We compute TFIDF in both source and target language corpora for each term. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first investigation about how well a topic model such as PLSA can help capture hidden aspects in novelty information retrieval. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. The resulting combined dictionary contains 401 ,477 English entries  , including 109 ,841 words  , and 291 ,636 phrases. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. Thus  , TNG is not only a topic model that uses phrases  , but also help linguists discover meaningful phrases in right context  , in a completely probabilistic manner. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. It also addresses the user cold start problem effectively since the model allows us to capture user interests from queries and recommend related items say music even if they do not have any history on using music services. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. This is a result of the possibility to sort out a different number of facets during the construction of the lists Sij. Pruuiug the set of Equivalent Queries: The set  , of rquivalent queries that are generated by gen-closure are considered by the cost-based optimizer to pick t ,he optimal plan. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. As with suspension  , paging enables an external sort to relinquish its buffers as and when they are needed for replacement or for release to the DBMS. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . The initial interface layout was based on proposed scenarios 2. " One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. This is an open question and may require further research. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. An advantage of the PLSA approach over previous techniques is that it can be readily augmented to incorporate new sources of information. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. The other factor concerns the ability to choose the most common sense of a word  , this was not attempted using EuroWordNet and resulted in considerable erroneous translations. In these methods  , all the questions that a user accesses are treated as one document. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . 3 The generators found by WISE may not prune enough executions for larger input sizes. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. it works for any unordered data structure. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. A key component of this measure. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. So they exploit partially visual cues created by Web designers in order to help human users to make sense of Web pages contents. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. As T + 0  , softmax action selection is the same as greedy action selection. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. 1. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. And does this have impact with our technique ? Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. 14shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline . Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. Text is provided for convenience. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. During the final phase of resolution i.e. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. The one is climbing up the hill with 35 degrees of the slope and the other is the going down the hill. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. Phrase identification probably favoured the baseline queries.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. III tht: current implementation for join with hash-basetl delta access  , sort-when is used to sort R azq impacttad by @  , R , and S as impacted by Si ,Si  , and then 8~ binary merge is used to create the join. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. Our results also showed that replacement selection with block writes is the preferred inmemory sorting method. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. This handicap causes paging to suffer from memory lluctualions; moreover  , the larger the memory fluctuations  , the greater an impact this handicap exerts on sort performance. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. Our first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage of the document is relevant and models individual passages independently. However  , the user of a CLIR system may be bilingual to some extent. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. , German are projected into the target language English by the CLIR approach explained in Section 3. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection. In this experiment. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. Given that a modern search engines appear to be strongly influenced by popularity-based measures while ranking results  , and b users tend to focus their attention primarily on the top-ranked results 11 ,13  , it is reasonable to assume that the expected visit rate of a page is a function of its current popularity as done in 5: In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. Two cases have to be distinguished. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: The runs which do candidate selection fig. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. In an object like a dimpled sphere such as a golf ball  , the concavity regions are disjoint sets of features. However  , MAP of the best PSQ was just about 82% Chinese CLIR with 19% relative improvement  , achieving cross-language MAP comparable to monolingual baselines in both cases. Character ngrams alone fare very well in these noisy data sets. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. Thus  , the system does not adopt a purely agglomerative or divisive approach  , but rather uses both kind of operators for the construction of the tree. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Note that we can use different feature sets for different query topics by using this method  , but for simplicity  , we didn't try it in this work. In CLIR  , using the query translation approach  , the semantic ambiguity of a query can degrade the performance of retrieval. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. Figure 1.4 is the official precision and recall curve and the mAP score of our 4 CLIR runs. In this case  , the query is divided into three different sub-queries. Path finding in static or partially changing environments is described in section 4. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. the largest subset of nodes such that any node within it can be reached from any other node following directed links  , contained 64 ,826 sites. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The above equation does not include joint friction. Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. Then  , the method Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases acceptAction uses Prob  , which is a boolean function that returns true with a probability that depends on temp and the costs of the compared states  , usually e ~~s'~cost~s~cost~~temP. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . Specially  , learning semantic representations of review content using skipthought vectors and filling in missing values of aspect ratings show advantages on improving the accuracy of rating prediction. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. Our evaluation is based on two data sets: a large web graph and a substantial set of queries with associated results  , some of which were labeled by human judges. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. 20 focuses on the optimization of the top-k queries. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. The second one is PLSA based methods. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. Manual optimization is easily possible without having to know much about the query engine's internals. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. The maximal property overcomes some of the challenges of the other itemset mining approaches  , such as the possibility of producing an exponential number of frequent sub-itemsets. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. These are some of the questions we will address in our future research. Dictionaries with such a structure may be available  , 2 and Section 3.2 presents 1In monolingual retrieval  , automatic query expansion techniques seek to achieve a similar effect. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. The XSLT stylesheets are created based on the pDatalog rules. Comparative evaluation of PMI and CHI or IG in CLIR was not reported before. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. JPF is an explicit-state model checker that analyzes Java bytecode classes directly for deadlocks and assertion violations. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. ABET also comes with a library of commonly used transformations  , e.g. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. Datasets. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. These translations can be used in normal search engines  , reducing the development costs. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. Interestingly  , we can perform sensorless orienting with shape uncertainty. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. The merge phase consists of one or more merge steps  , each of which combines a number of runs into a single  , longer run. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. Furthermore   , these texts are often mixed with English  , which makes detection of transliterated text quite difficult. Depth Firat Search DFS and Breadth First Scorch BFS are examples of this class. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as was executed. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: The drawback of this approach is that it requires significant changes to the structure of any existing Volcano-style optimizer due to the need for propagating multiple plans for the same expression and then combining them suitably. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. The idea is to create unsorted sequences of records  , where each sequence covers a subset of the dataspace that is disjoint to the subsets covered by the other sequences. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . In this paper  , we propose a novel method  , called LSH-based large scale Chinese calligraphic character recognition on CCD. We also use the Suc@k which means that percentage of queries for which at least one relevance result is ranked up to position k including k. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive Document vectors of the foreign language i.e. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. The Spider module is responsible for collecting documents from the Web. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. For this purpose; we extended randomized strategies for parallel optimization  , and demonstrated their effectiveness. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. , as a distance metric. This means that the signal E r k still contains the effect of the non-periodic disturbance. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. Clearly these computations can be done in time 0  m  once the minimum free radii have been calculated. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. Given a triple pattern  , no matter how many and where variables are  , all matches can be found by means of one of the indices. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. If the external ' To implement Quicksort efficiently. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. Moreover  , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. Therefore  , the total judgment complexity of top-k labeling strategy is about On log k. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. Figure 10: Join Redundancy -Composite Tuples the new data share many boolean factors. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. Map-Reduce is essentially a distributed grep-sort-aggregate or  , in database terminology   , a distributed execution engine for select-project via sequential scan  , followed by hash partitioning and sort-merge group-by. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. When compared through this metrics  , many more tentative PTs are kept during the search  , thereby increasing significantly the optimization cost. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. For the English-French CLIR experiments  , we computed the mean average precision MAP over 50 queries formulated from the CLEF 2001 topic set Topics 41-90. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. To our knowledge  , the issue of finding an optimal plan taking into account sort orders for parameters of subqueries or procedures has not been addressed in the past. In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. This situation is described by DeWi%S  , Naka881 as Harh Loop Join. Clinchant8 expands the standard language modeling approach by representing more than one language in the document model and then using a meta-dictionary in order to build a matching multi-language query model. Word- Net is also used to expand terms with semantically similar concepts  , following an approach similar to 9. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. 2 The software necessary for these systems is quite simple. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. If a node has a single state it is labeled solved. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. For certain full-text retrieval systems  , the ideal probabilistic model assumed in the Theorem is not always appropriate. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. In this way  , the work space increases gradually  , one buffer at a time. , near cognates. common search strategies involve different features inventors  , owners  , classes  , references  , whose weights need to be balanced ? Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. We also show this in the demo. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. We use the same LSH- FSD system parameters as 10  , 11  , namely K=13 hashcode bits and L=70 hashtables  , the hashing trick is used with a pool of size 2 18 and we select 2000 tweets and a back-off threshold of bt=0.6 for the variance reduction step. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. As a result of not using all the base relations  , there may be situations where there is not enough information to maintain a view unambiguously  , even if we are given the specific contents of the views  , a subset of the base relations  , and the base update. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In this section  , we describe how we transformed the candidate documents in each sub-collection into its representation in the Vector Space Model VSM. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. This situation is very similar to some cases observed in TREC5&6  , where we encountered the terms such as " most-favor nation "  We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. Property 1 Let Y be an identifier tidset of a cluster C. Then Y is closed. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . The precise probabilistic formulation was eventually formalized in 5  , 27 and appears to have been rediscovered by the IR community at large  , through the language modeling work of Ponte and Croft 19  , a few years later. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. , A relevant document will contain". The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion. Queries were automatically formed from the title and description elds  , and we automatically performed limited stop structure removal based on a list of typical stop structure observed in earlier TREC queries e.g. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. We leave a more extensive evaluation including such heuristics as future work. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. The studies reported in this paper continue to broaden the perspective by adding a focus on complex tasks with live multimedia content. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. More recently the generalized vector space model has shown good potential for CLIR 6. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Stage 5: The number of runs could not be merged in a single step and the sort is performing intermediate merges during this stage. At site Sb  , the sort-merge join methods SJSM and SJNL both require the same number of' disk accesses -this number is the sum of'the ~CCCSSCS required lor sorting relation R  , and those needed to scan Rb once to send its luplcs to S ,. The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835  , 117  , 954  , or about 835 million  , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . With the vector space engine they employ  , their overall 11pt performance 0.24 is slightly above the one for the search engine we use 0.20. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. , we merged collections of English  , French  , German  , and Italian documents into a single multilingual data collection  , and indexed the multilingual collection. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. The proposed CLIR system provides two different components for transforming the queries formulated by users into the final ones performed on the index. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7.