An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. Kendall-τ penalizes disordering of high-performance and low-performance system pairs equally. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. Most characters match themselves. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute.  Neural Responding Machine. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. Figure 4shows an example. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. . The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. an MS-Word document. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. The experimental results are in Table 1. Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. We showed the optimization of a simple query. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Furthermore. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? syntactic and semantic information . An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . We then perform a random walk over the graph  , using query-URLquery transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. Common " similarity " measures include the Pearson correlation coefficient 19  and the cosine similarity 3 between ratings vectors. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. In case of a cycle i.e. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. If the search succeeds  , then the equivalence check returns false and the oracle reports a failure. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. This is intuitive  , because the less information there is to explain user behavior each query occurred only once and no clicks were observed  , the more NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns to rely on ranks. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. From Table 1  , we observe that there is low correlation of each of these attributes to conversations with high interestingness. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. The first string of the pattern i.e. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. This involves collecting the data from the streaming API without any search terms  , thereby receiving a random selection. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. COGENT score showed a Pearson correlation of only 0.3 with coreness labels in this data set whereas the most predictive single feature in our feature set character ngram overlap  , Section 5.1 had a correlation of 0.77. In this paper we describe the use of collective post-search browsing behavior of many users for this purpose. These users specifically commented that they had low expectations for results  , because the words were just too " common " or because the search just was not precise enough. Mukhopadyay et al. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. Damljanovic et al. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. We considered the logarithms of the last two attributes because their distributions are skewed. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Then  , the CONNECT function generates the trajectory for object orientations  , which connects Rand to a , , , ,. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. B feature vector construction for target papers using the discovered potential citation papers. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. counting support for possible valid patterns. Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Another was to search for subjects of interest to the participant  , and to look through the search results until something worth keeping was found. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . Protein Folding. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. For each pair of objects  , there were 500 different cases obtained by locating randomly these objects both random translations and rotations. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. Tree-Pattern Matching. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. Regular expression inference. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. In the context of deductive databases. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. Some categories have a high Pearson correlation. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Therefore the effective relative access rate is 16/53=0.3  , which is twice the random 0.15. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. Recursive navigation. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Definition 2. The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. The model we have explored thus far assumes that users make visit to pages only by querying a search engineFigure 12: Influence of the extent of random surfing. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. Figure 6 shows how the vector states s7 for different distances to the previous click are positioned in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. It is known that using query subsets may lead to poor performance when estimating the performance of previously unseen new systems 17 . A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. Figure  1shows the results. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . outline preliminaries in Sect. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Christensen et al. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. Siena is an event notification architecture . Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. Semantic relevance. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. We apply the Lucene 3 search engine  , under its default settings  , for searching over this collection. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. their rapid evaluation. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. likelihood function. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. Overall  , Pearson correlation coefficient between Eye-tracking and ViewSer groups computed for each individual result was 0.64  , which indicates substantial cor- relation. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. We verified this by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient ρ between the search performance of the different settings captured by MAP  , as reported in Figure 7a  , and the alignment quality in terms of precision and recall for relevant entities  , as reported in Figure 9a. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. These properties are considered as random influence. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Plotting the singular values in a Scree plot Figure 1 indicates that after the 4rth dimension  , the values begin to drop less rapidly and are similar in size. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05.