This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. A strong recovery is defined as user doing a search with non-zero recall on which she clicks on at least one result item after the zero recall search is done. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. Although uol. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. after query expansion. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. The original ARSA model uses S-PLSA as the component for capturing sentiment information. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. percolation "  ? Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Hence  , the overall complexity of our dynamic programming approach is O Finally  , in lines 17-21  , the reconstruction of buckets takes d steps. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. In other words  , the original query can be regard as a point in the semantic space  , and the goal of query expansion is to select some additional terms  , which have the closest meaning to the point. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . The performance of the translation of popular Web queries was better than that of random Web queries because random Web queries were too diverse. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. This system provides a dynamic and automated faceted search interface for users to browse the articles that are the result of a keyword search query. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Many questions need to be answered. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. The nesting of subqueries makes certain orderings impossible  , whereas merge join is at liberty to sort the inputs as it sees fit. These URIs are then utilized to build archive profiles. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! 0 Motion prediction. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. Proceeding immediately without waiting may cause a small sort to rely on external merging or a sort with relatively few runs to resort to multiple merge steps. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. The information space is a standard representational tool for problems that have imperfect state information  , and has been useful in optimal control and dynamic game theory e.g. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. They identified two ways to personalize a search through query augmentation and search result ranking. Stability is analyzed by plotting the Popov curve for the transfer function from A to B . One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. This mapping has two main advantages. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. This paper focuses on find-similar's use as a search tool rather than as a browsing interface. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. The scatter plot indicates that a strong correlation was observed  , and hence  , hubness occurred. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. Probabilistic CLIR. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. To ensure inter-reliability  , the researchers tested 10 websites respectively  , and then conducted cross-checks. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . Several simplified systems were used to study the effect of hysteresis  , for example  , a constant force was subtracted to account for the effect of damping and friction but the best results as far as matching the experimental data were given by the transfer function: Hysteresis: Similar to friction and damping  , a simplified model of the hysteresis was used and the describing function computed. Note that some proposed features cannot be extracted from certain large-scale datasets  , e.g. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. Several different categories of games exist 3. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International The constructs can be generalized to dynamic and n-dimensional arrays. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. In essence  , it assumes that there are a number of hidden factors or aspects in the documents  , and models using a probabilistic framework the relationship among those factors  , the documents  , and the words appearing in the documents . In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. function based on this metric to zero. PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. In dynamic environments  , autonomous robot systems have to plan robot motions on-line  , depending on sensor information. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters.   , the discrete transfer function of the simplified controller can be written as  on the horizontal air table with minimal friction. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses. It is difficult to accurately determine the center of gravity and the moment of inertia of each leg in the tumbler system. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. A pseudo-random approach was used to insure that all topic and system order effects were nullified. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used.  Incorporating both context i.e. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. General query optimization is infeasible. From the results  , we observe that on the last three weeks 13  , 14  , 15 with several political happenings  , the interestingness distribution of participants does not seem to follow the comment distribution well we observe low correlation. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " There are something good and something bad.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. However  , since participation is symmetric in δ ctxt   , we use its absolute value. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. However  , we improved upon this result in our XSEarch implementation by using dynamic programming. We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. Enhanced semantic desktop search provides a search service similar to its web sibling. Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. In this model  , Web users discover new pages simply by surfing the Web  , just following links. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. Listing 1 shows an example query. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. mobile search offers three distinctive mobile search application platforms: a widget-based Yahoo! Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. to the introduction of blank nodes. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. Experimental results were obtained using a five-bar robot5 with one of the side joints locked to simulate a single flexible link with a shoulder joint.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. The mixed-effects model in Eq. The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. Thus  , every participant used all three search interfaces but the order in which participants used the interfaces and the task for which a given interface was used varied systematically across participants. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. Yet  , there was also a considerable difference between the two ratings: the average absolute value of this difference for a given topic by a given person was 0.72 stdev: 0.86. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. The JUKF functioned as expected. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. We perform the optimization using a combination of random search and gradient descent with numerical gradient computation. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. It is known that using query subsets may lead to poor performance when estimating the performance of previously unseen new systems 17 .  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Our work builds on this paradigm. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. Further  , we also improve on their solution. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. U Here the transfer function of the motor-gear system and the controller are replaced by a simplified system for conciseness. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Feasible ? It remains unchanged. Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Remember  , the four components are LCA expansion  , computation of pairwise sentence similarity  , segment ranking and dynamic programming . We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Traiectorv danner. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. To maximize power savings under constraints  , this module runs only when the Scanning Module has forwarded pixel luminance histogram information from enough beacon frames to form a meaningful batch of frames. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Besides the reference and value dependency sets in this table  , the static types of these values should also be calculated as defined in the language specifications. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. Introducing the notion of lossless transmission line  , Anderson and Spong 8 argued that L block can be made to strictly positive real and stable transfer function. Stopping criterion. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. A significant percentage of the search engines return result pages with multiple dynamic sections. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. As a final method of evaluating our methodology  , we turned to manual evaluations. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Others discuss how different forms of context and search activity may be used to cast search behavior as a prediction problem 5  represented search context within a session by modeling the sequence of user queries and clicks. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. Figure 11shows another mapping. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. Semisupervised learning is a popular machine learning manner  , which makes use of unlabeled training samples with a part of labeled samples for building the prediction model 4950. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. To assess the theoretical suitability of different folksonomies for decentralized search we plot the distance distribution first. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. The simple search resembles a Google-type search  , and is designed to provide an easy entry into the service. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. 's simulated annealing solver. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . We also found a significant difference between the number of queries and documents selected across the different search task queries: differences in how these system features were used amongst our participants across the search tasks. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. We conducted quantitative experiments on the performance of the various techniques  , both individually and in combination  , and compared the performance of our techniques to simple  , text-based compression. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. The model of score distributions was used to combine the results from different search engines to produce a meta-search engine. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. Since the surveys  , there have been a few papers which gave comparable or better results than Pearson correlation on some datasets. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. The transfer function P , ,s of the velocity response model has been assumed to be the transfer function P f  s  of the force response model as multiplied by a transfer function that represents the inertia of the output part and the determined experimentally. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. An example of a search criteria and the search polices are as follows by a consumer to the trading system: A detailed list of consumer search and match preferences is given in 7. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. External validity is concerned with generalization. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. After a random number of forward and backward movements along the ranked list  , the user will end their search and we will evaluate the total utility provided by the system to them by taking the average of the precision of the judged relevant documents they has considered during their search. Gp stands for the closed loop transfer function of the position controlled system in free motion  , from motor setpoint to link position. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. states from which no final states can be reached. query execution time. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. For paired users giving responses to a few items in common  , the number of non zero elements of vectors becomes small  , and hence  , the resulting Pearson correlation becomes less trustworthy. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. Using such a technique leads to a significant increase in its efficiency. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. This can be perceived from results already. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. The existing Cranfield style evaluation 11 is less appropriate in local search. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. For real-time  on-line  control  , however  , the computational costs of this solution can be prohibitive. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. There are multiple ways to form intervals. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. We assume a nicely damped transfer easily be estimated  , since the PID controller is tuned by using these two variables: Since the robot has voltage driven joint motors comparable to velocity steering  , the most important lower frequency range of transfer function of the joint can be approximated by a second-order system with a pure integrator 4. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. Search quality is measured by recall. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. We use a search query log of approximately 15 million distinct queries from Microsoft Live Search. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Cancel stops a search in progress. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. Entry level prediction evaluation is performed by calculating the Goodman and Kruskal's gamma GK-Gamma for short correlation. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. the expansion dimension. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. A site owner or search engine might collect data similar to the example in Figure 1. movie search. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. And learning coefficients q and a are 0.1 and 0.2 respectively. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. It runs alongside the search engine. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. is developed1. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . In many previous works on segmentation  , dynamic programming is a technique used to maximize the objective function. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services.  A new characterization of search queries to distinguish between F-search in " familiar " places versus U-search in " unfamiliar " locations  , defined on a per-user basis. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. This conclusion is consistent with the phase-plane charts  , that revealed low frequency drifts  , while Finally  , we analise the influence of the excitation upon the fractional order transfer function. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. Figure 4shows an example. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. Some search engines try to improve the quality of search results by analysing the link structure of web resources. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. We first classify each query into different categories. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. it changes the schema of the contained elements. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. Given a document corpus  , a traditional search query would " simply " return all documents relevant to the search terms. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Synthetic expression generation. As shown in fig.8  , the method of the force controller design based on the frequency characteristics using the impedance parameters is effective for the suppression of the disturbance. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. Formally this corresponds to minimizing the error when each tuple is modeled by the best itemset model from the solution set. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. Our optimizer explores both kinds of parallelism  , itrtza and inler-operation. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. All reviewers had the same experience. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. We say that nodes n and n are strongly-interconnected if they are interconnected and are also labeled differently . Parallel Learning. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Overlap  , distinct overlap  , and the Pearson correlation of query frequencies for Personal Finance and Music are shown in Figure 10and Figure 11. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. Some drawbacks of the identification of single flexible link manipulators using ARMA type models have been previously reported 4  , 51. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Search trails are represented as temporally-ordered URL sequences. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. The cut off frequency of the LPF is much lower than the resonance frequency of the In general  , the transfer function of a multilayer piezo is represented by the second order system. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. The resulting planner is less general in theory than the original VDP planner  , since it uses problem-specific heuristics to guide the search. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. Thus  , the following congregation property is extremely useful. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . Learning. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. In Section 4  , we discuss details of our experiments. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. I. Node generation. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. Parameters for the random walk models were optimized via conjugate gradient with line search. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. A SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel is used to sort items locally in the local stores of the SPEs  , a distributed in-core bitonic merge is used to merge local store resident local sort results  , and a distributed out-ofcore bitonic merge is used to merge the results of a number of main memory resident in-core sort results. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. The search results are listed below the search field and are dynamically visualized on the map. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. Currently programming is done in terms of files. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. As more subgoals are generated and path segments are generated between them with the heuristic strategy  , they will form a graph that approximates the connectivity of the cspace 6119. A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. Furthermore  , the result set from navigation is more likely to suggest relevant possible query reformulation terms along the way  , so that users can refine their own search queries and 'jump' closer before resuming navigation. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. They follow walls and turn at random at intersections. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Admissible functions are optimistic. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . From this table  , we can see that in the single Q-learning case  , the correspunding rates of both cases were about 10% at initial phase of learning  , while  , after learning  , the rates rose up to ov er 90%  , Tha t is  , as a result of distribuh!d learning  , selection prob­ abilities of actions so rise that some strong connections of rules among the agents or inside one individual agent were implicitly formed  , consequently  , the sequential motion patterns were acquired. It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. work on search intent prediction – predicting what a user is going to search even before the search task starts. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. A search engine for semi-structured graph data providing keyword and structural search using NEXI-like expressions. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. This implementation does not include possible improvements such as inverse user frequency or case amplification 15 . Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. This mechanism prevents changes in the state of occupancy of a cell by small probability cha ,nges. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. where now ¯ ri is the mean rating of item i and w i ,k is the similarity weight between items i and k. The main motivation behind item based systems is the computational savings in calculating the item-item similarity matrix. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. Based on the rationale of curve-fitting models  , various alternatives to the DPM approach have been proposed and investigated 14  , 15  , 181  , but so far no superior model was reported. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. In these experiments  , each account logs into Google and then browses 5 random pages from 50 demographically skewed websites each day. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. For example  , one searcher submitted a query " george boots " and clicked on a Google's Product Search result . We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. The Search Self-Efficacy Scale is a 14-item scale used to characterize search expertise. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. Reproducing random search is not exactly possible because often only the distribution over the hyperparameters is made public and not which hyperparameter configurations are finally chosen. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. Two different approaches are compared. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. They defined an observability index  , e.g. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. structure. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. The main difference with Eq. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. Another field closely related to our work is transfer learning . It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. In the context of deductive databases. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. From formula 2  , we can see that the aspect model expresses dimensionality reduction by mapping a high dimensional term document matrix into the lower dimensional one k dimension in latent semantic space. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. Ranking the words according to their scores. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. The entire search log is collected and stored by a single entity  , such as a search engine company. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. However  , the high di- IEEE International Conference -2695 on Robotlcs and Automation mension of the state space usually results in dynamic programs of prohibitive complexity. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. looking for the synonyms of the query words. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . This is hccausc the amount 01 work saved through sorting sig- nificantlv outweighs the work requir-cd IO pcrlol-m the sorts. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. result abstracts at lower ranks. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. Such organized image search results will naturally enable a user to quickly identify and zoom into a subset of results that is most relevant to her query intent. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. The runs which do candidate selection fig. The optimization on this query is performed twice. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. Previously examined by Cui et al. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. The estimates from two methods are very close. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. The above question can be reformulated as follows. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. At frequencies greater than 4 mHz the transfer function phase is close to 180 degrees  , thus making the shaping state estimate out of phase with the input observation. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. which the other components on this level rely. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. We employ the dynamic programming approach to check for patterns of equally spaced strong and weak beats among the detected onsets and compute both inter-beat length and the smallest note length. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass.