However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. The NS query still uses naive Map lookup  , but sorts the physical OIDs before accessing S. When comparing NS with SS  , sorting the flattened R tuples for the Map lookup does not pay off because the Mup is smaller than 2 MB For 1 MB the sort-based plans are out of the range of the curve because for such small memory configurations they need several merge phases. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. To overcome this problem  , we used a statistical method introduced by Clifford et al. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . As a final method of evaluating our methodology  , we turned to manual evaluations. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . Section 5 outlines the test data. The score function of the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution can be derived from taking the log-odds ratio of two multinomial distributions. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. after query expansion. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. We show that  , unfortunately  , there exist non-convex polygonal parts that despite asymmetry cannot be fed using inside-out pull actions. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. Although equation 3 represents a transfer function for the extender position  , the extender is still under velocity control. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. For each node visited do the following. We do not further discuss in-core merges. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. the expansion dimension. This implies that  , if the transfer function from the input torque to some carefully chosen output can be shown to be passive  , a PD controller can be used to efficiently eliminate flexible link oscillations27. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. The force commands should be sent to actuator through D/A converter modeled by putting the transfer function in Eq. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. IICHI optimal. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively. result abstracts at lower ranks. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. As discussed in Section 1  , the other important measure of hand controller performance is its achievable stiffness  , which is provided by a position control loop with transfer function T  , between sensed position Xs and actuator force Fa.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re x coordinate  , is modified based on the estimated gradient. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. Several issues must be resolved to realize this basic idea. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. 3 taking its Laplace Transform as follows: 4 we can express the angular position of the motor shaft related with the aneular disulacement of the rollers: that is  , afterwards  , the transfer function of the scrollic gripper relating the applied voltage to the angular displacement of the rollers. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. Furthermore  , the result set from navigation is more likely to suggest relevant possible query reformulation terms along the way  , so that users can refine their own search queries and 'jump' closer before resuming navigation. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. For the Technology Survey task  , we use phrase expansion method and query expansion method to generate our query  , and use Query-likelihood model  , DFR model and D-smoothing method to do retrieve. Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. One of the importance functions we consider in this paper is a decaying function  , where queries earlier in a user's context are considered less important than more recent queries. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. For VerticalSQL  , this involves selection on the key predicates  , fetching the tuples  , sorting them on Oid  , and doing a merge sort join. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. The two are related quantities with different focuses. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. In the second version a compactification of code is achieved by a suitable "renaming" imposed on D. In the third version  , the search trail is kept in D itself and the appropriate pointers are restored as the backscan occurs. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. Semantic relevance. If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. This idea that combines attractively with the observer-based SPR design used here. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. A positive value means that nodes tends to connect with others with similar degrees  , and a negative value means the contrary 29. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. In our experiments we randomly split the movies into a training set and a test set. When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. is non-proper. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. The nested loops join methods ar ? While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. The force error is predictable from the transfer function. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. The reasons are two-folded. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. When is the best performance achieved ? Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. Distributed graph pattern matching. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. Falcons' Ontology Search 10  also identifies which vocabulary terms might express similar semantics  , but it is rather designed to specify that different vocabularies contain terms describing similar data. 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. Similarly as in the implicit force control  , the transfer function GF2 should be strictly proper to ensure zero steady state force error and t o compensate for stationary impedance i.e. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. Formally this corresponds to minimizing the error when each tuple is modeled by the best itemset model from the solution set. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. The evaluation is given every 1 second. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. lo  , variations in the transfer function of the controlled system should be given in advance. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. outline preliminaries in Sect. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. Furthermore  , it creates and initializes the pools. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function GI is unity and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. To rank the relevance  , we use the learning to rank technique  , which was successfully used in TREC 2011&2012 Microblog Track. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. In this experiment. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. We can also observe the inertia of the crowd that continued tweeting about the outbreak   , even though the number of cases were already declining e.g. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. However  , the correlation between the number of declared friends and the number of distinct interaction partners is low Pearson coefficient 0.16. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. However  , there have only been a small number of learning experiments with multiple robots to date. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. To be able to rank a document we needed to specify both the relevant and irrelevant probability distributions for a term  , so we need priors for both. This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. The constants σ i of the final model are intended to be universal constants that should be applicable to a wider range of parameters not explicitly tested in our experiment. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise location similarity information. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Consequently  , the actuator's dynamics can be represented by a simple transfer function: of the external wrench w and with the choice of cts. Feasible ? However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. In Figure 2we examine the accuracy and convergence of information transfer estimates as a function of time both with and without bias correction. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. We used the robotic system to measure gap junction function. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. Table 2 alsoshows the correlation analogous to Pearson correlation coefficient between the row and column scores for each dimension singular value score; the greater the inertia  , the greater the association between row and column. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. syntactic and semantic information . Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. An artificial ear for the auditory system would affect the spectral characteristics of sound signals. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. to the introduction of blank nodes. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. This is hccausc the amount 01 work saved through sorting sig- nificantlv outweighs the work requir-cd IO pcrlol-m the sorts. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. Average precision values are given in table 7. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. This objective is well-suited to the general XFl ,problem. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. Cancel stops a search in progress. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. We use information entropy as the uncertainty measurement of the B-spline model. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. The real problem lies in defining similarity. The query likelihood method 11 serves for the retrieval method  , the effectiveness of which we predict. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. We also note that the method for personality prediction using text reports a Pearson correlation of r => .3 for all five traits. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. Based on the user similarity  , missing rating corresponding to a given user-item pair can be derived by computing a weighted combination of the ratings upon the same item from similar users. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. However  , it is at the cost of the system stability robustness with respect to the ununiform plant model perturbation in high frequency subhands. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. This paper focuses on find-similar's use as a search tool rather than as a browsing interface. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. The experiment results is shown in Figure 7. Then  , it holds from the well known ztransform of a continuous system with a zero order hold that: Let H  z  be the discrete transfer function of the VCMD. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa.