The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. Finally  , rather than acquiring bilateral word translations  , our focus lies on assigning subwords to interlingual semantic identifiers. Vukobratovic and Kircanski 34  , Shin and McKay 30 and Singh and Leu 31 each present methods for optimizing energy or timelenergy performance criteria along specified paths is space. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. Then  , by using a line fitting procedure  , a fitted line segment is used to model each clus- ter. Such a set is identified either as a frequent set  , or as attributes having a large value in a column of the A matrix in ICA or NMF or as attributes w having a large value of P w|z in PLSA. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Summary. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. On the other hand  , as 5 increases  , U also greatly increases because the subject needs large force to control the robot. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. To ensure inter-reliability  , the researchers tested 10 websites respectively  , and then conducted cross-checks. Copyright 2007 VLDB Endowment  , ACM 978-1-59593-649-3/07/09. Weaker invariance will show up as less overlap in the band pattern. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. This study was conducted following the kinematcis classification from an electromyographical point of view  , based on time and frequency domains. , to assign relevance ranking values to unlabeled documents based on some relevance judgments we must incorporate a prior so as to avoid over-fitting the labeled data. One method of removing robots is to identify them with outliers and remove outliers. The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . exMax: maximum memory for an external merge. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. With k = 100 and r = 5 the PLT approach underperforms only slightly in terms of accuracy  , yet requires 10 times less space and 5 times less time per query. A step in the direction of understanding the search context is the new " Yahoo Mindset " experimental search service 10 . As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. This suggests that a generally more reliable group is more likely to be reliable on a particular object. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. This means that both documents are guaranteed to belong to the result set of a query consisting of the shared term/phrase. tasks. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. We compute TFIDF in both source and target language corpora for each term. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. A major function of the web access module is search. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . Now the function of a probabilistic search and retrieval system is to combine those and other estimates and to predict  , for each item  , the probability that it would be one of the items wanted by the patron in question. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. The designed method is purely empirical. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. The transient performance has been dramatically improved as indicated in the error power spectrum as well as the error plot in the time domain. 33. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. We prepare the training data and devise a classifier using a support vector machine based on features such as keywords in a tweet  , the number of words  , and the context of target-event words. if we are linding shortest distance between points that are farther apgt the effort ratio will be considerably less than 1 and there would be substantial speed UP- Thus  , the ratio of effort in tinding shortest distance between two points p r and p  ? Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. , no prior  , basic PLSA can be used to cluster any group of sentences to extract representative opinion sentences. , feature-based index to assemble an approximate match. The fact that D i -and D-wide statistical information is employed allows us to assign individual indexing vocabularies j and to the diierent Dj and to D  , respec- tively. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. The section that follows investigates this challenge. The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. Experimental results show that  , while dynamic programming produces the best plans  , the simple heuristics often do nearly as well. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. B: number of blogs  , N : number of posts  , L: number of citations  , r: Pearson correlation coefficient between number of in-and out-links of nodes. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. Second point is the handling of the penalty. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . Nevertheless  , binary search has the benefit that no additional space beyond a is needed to perform a search. A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. In the case of the tokens in columnˆficolumnˆ columnˆfi75  , notice that the tokens " 8 " and " D " match distinct leafs in the Regex tree and the deepest common ancestor corresponds to the node whose regular expression is " \w " . Note that the fitting curve and the average error are shown in Fig. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. A search field above the results panel is used to perform keyword searches. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . In 15 a cross-language medical information retrieval system has been implemented by exploiting for translations   , a thesaurus enriched with medical information. More sophisticated cost functions  , be it for graph search methods or for dynamic programming can be used . It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. A similar approach was developed separately in l collision detection between moving obstacles of arbitrary shapes  , based on results from missile guidance. Keywords have become a serious constraint in searching non-textual media. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. Below we first give a brief overview of iMed  , and then focus on iMed's iterative search advisor  , which integrates medical and linguistic knowledge to help searchers improve search results through iterative search. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. The track contained two tasks  , a discussion search task and a search-for-experts task. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. Many systems used pattern-matching to locate definition-content in text. , jump. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. We believe that our approach is more realistic in the long run. For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. Therefore if any sort order needs to be guaranteed on the output of the Apply operator an enforcer plan is generated. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. Three matching models shall be learned for question pattern respectively paired with answer type  , pseudopredicate   , and entity pairs. Notice that for k = |E| 2   , the approximate answer is equal to the approximate top-k answer. Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. As such  , it can be implemented in a statistical programming language such as R in a few lines of code. It is now optimal to tlevotcb 20 pages to the heap-sort and the other 80 to hash probing. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. A conventional dynamic-programming optimizer iteratively finds optimal access plans for increasingly larger parts of a query. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. Definition: A search trail is an ordered sequence of actions performed by the user during a search goal. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn}  , we denote its correct translation as If a search engine could be notified that a searcher is or is not interested in search advertising for their current task  , the next results returned could be more accurately targeted towards this user. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. It follows that we can check for interconnection of all pairs of nodes in T in time O|T | 3 . The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. Note that Equation 5 shows the relationship between a user's visits and her topic preference vector if the user follows the topic-driven random surfer model. Our empirical evaluation shows that the method produces feasible  , high quality grasps from random and heuristic initializations. This is captured by the regular expression guard shown at the top of the SndReq lifeline in Figure 1a. As these methods do not pre-compile the queries  , they generate call loops to the DBMS which are rather inefficient. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. , they group vector states by rank  , distance to the previous click. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. 3 of the previous section that is  , m-l=3  , the transfer function is The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. Its reaction is modeled by an admittance with serial spring-damper dynamics with the transfer function s/s + 0.5. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. Note that different authors may share the same name either as full names or as initials and last names. During the preparation phase  , and to better understand our data  , we also explore some correlations between different variables; however  , we didn't reach any significant correlation. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost. Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. The tool of choice today is the text matching tool grep l or one of its many cousins  , due to its ease of use  , speed  , and integration with the editing environment. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. That is  , HybridSeg RW performed better than GlobalSeg RW and HybridSeg POS performed better than GlobalSeg POS on all evaluation metrics. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . structure. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. That is exactly the rational behind our hybrid approach to IE combining pattern matching rules and statistical learning Srihari 1998 of the window for each attribute was a random fraction of the domain range for that attribute. In Step A1.1  , the similarity between target paper p tgt and other citation papers p citu u = 1  , · · ·   , N  , denoted as Stgt ,u is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient: In this section  , we study symmetric settings  , and show that we can identify the optimal marketing strategy based on a simple dynamic programming approach. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. However  , the exponential complexity of dynamic programming may limit the optimizer to queries that involve not more than 15 relations. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Table 8  , both in terms of the number of languages being covered and the number of alignment units available e.g. As can be seen in the table  , CnC detects all the errors found by JCrasher with only a fraction of the test cases except for UB-Stack  , where JCrasher found few opportunities to create random data conforming to the class's interface and slightly fewer reports. String pattern matching and domain knowledge are used for features of formula pattern. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Using dynamic programming the energy consumption from the initial position of the robot to any point on the grid can now be obtained. Examples of these approaches are presented in 3 and 4 where frequency statistics are used for selecting the translation of a term; contrariwise  , in 5 and 6 more sophisticated techniques exploiting term co-occurrence statistics are described. For each resource  , we measure the similarity between the R missing  and the extracted tweet page. For future work  , we plan to extend the method to include: 1 Augmentation of data through reordering the words in the tweets to make the model robust to word-order  , 2 Exploiting attention mechanism 8 in our model to improve alignment of words in tweets during decoding  , which could improve the overall performance. On the other hand  , a Dynamic Programming DP strategy St:79 builds PTs by I~reatltMirst. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Results show that English proficiency level affects the acceptance rate for both the interfaces  , with a statistical significance for the APP condition oneway ANOVA with F = 8.92 and p = 0.005. This may due to the fact that the click logs have a very low < 50% coverage on this topic set  , and that the topic set is rather recent created in 2011 while the click logs were created in 2006  , which may lead to further sparseness: e.g. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Susskind et al. Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. An offline evaluation was not conducted because it had not been able to calculate any differences based on trigger. The index is dependent on the transfer function. Recall is the proportion of relevant material actually retrieved in answers to a query; and precision is the proportion of retrieved material that is actually relevant. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. In our case , Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. There is a large body of work studying in-search context. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. run quicksort for each user. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. In SI Presman et al. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. Some MEDLINE records are extremely short and no abstract is provided  , although some of them are assessed as relevant to some topics. Moreover the total frequency has a good property for the dynamic programming strategy. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. A similarity range query retrieves all objects in a large database that are similar to a query object  , typically using a distance function to measure the dissimilarity. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries. In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . In the data set  , we are given 4 months of data October 2011 -February 2012 as training data. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. A viable solution must reconcile local scorings for content search conditions  , score aggregation  , and path conditions. The translations using triples showed three main benefits: a more precise translation; an extension of the coverage of the bilingual dictionary; and the possibility to train the model using unrelated bilingual corpora. The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. The selection of parameter values seems to have more effect to NMF than to other methods  , and longer components may be found with different amount of components to be estimated. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. where µt and Σt are prior mean and prior covariance matrix respectively. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. To overcome this limitation  , Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14 maps each query term into document fields using probabilistic classification based on collection statistics. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. To estimate the desired distributions   , we assume that the correct distribution is one member of some specific family of distributions and  , based on the query-related information provided  , we attempt to choose a plausible distribution from that family. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. This force is converted to joint level torque through link mechanism. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. groups QGI and QG2 is thnl  , when one relation is small  , the pipclincd ncstcd loops join methods perlorm much hcttcr than their scqucntial counterparts or any 01' the sor-t-mcrgc methods. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. On the other hand  , the green curve quasi-steady model is symmetric with respect to its local maxima so the quasi-steady model does not distinguish between the stroke acceleration phase and the stroke deceleration phase. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. In a similar way  , upon our sample  , our methodology has identified two types of users: those who are privacy-concerned minority and those who belong to the pragmatic majority. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. The definition of modules which themselves contain other modules is a useful construct m traditional programming languages and seems appropriate here. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The related problems of traversing mud and high  , stiff vegetation are also of interest with the main issue being a technique for effective characterization of the vehicle-ground interaction. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. As a first example consider the subsequent obvious specification of quicksort with conditional equations. Selection rules allow a straight-forward and efficient implementation of recommender selection. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. The determined discrete transfer function from the base motor amplifier input voltage to the reflected output is mapped to the continuous plane using a ZOH to allow for continuous time H  , design. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA  , K  , and the orders of the ARSA model  , p and q. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . This is represented using the time function T : Σ → R ≥ that assigns the duration T σ to each action σ ∈ Σ. , ρ l of random vectors. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: All these methods focus on analyzing user behavior when interacting with traditional search systems. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Transfer function of piezo displacement as input and output of charge amplifier as output Fig. , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. Two annotators then assign each of these terms as relevant or not to UK- EU discussion and the relevant terms are used to search the wider random set to expand the topic specific set. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. Each participant was asked to complete all of the 12 search tasks in a random order. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. Our work includes a measurement study of web crawler access characteristics on a busy dynamic website to motivate Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. The first  , rather naive approach we implemented to predict Ξ pred was to select the most central node in set Λ pred ; i.e. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. Hz / 2 ! Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. We restrict our evaluation to top 10 documents in this paper. This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. A run-time stack keeps the states reached and allows such a state backtracking. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. In Section 8  , we make a detailed comparison with our proposal. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. Technical terms and proper names are often untranslatable due to the limited coverage of translation dictionaries. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first investigation about how well a topic model such as PLSA can help capture hidden aspects in novelty information retrieval. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. An information retrieval system SEARFA SEARch Flora Advanced system was implemented to allow users to search using both extracted information and keywords. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. The number of relevant documents to be retrieved are 579 for C0 and 856 for C1. Such systems tend to produce high but fixed information quality levels  , but at a high cost also fixed. The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. With Pre-decode method  , parallel character and prefix tree  , this structure optimized the structure and minimized circuit areas and realize the target of lower cost and wider applicability. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. Jaccard similarity is 0. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. A sort may wait in one of five situations: Wl: in stage 0 waiting to start; W2: in stage 1 with 1stMin space; W3: in stage 1 with more memory; W4: in stage 3; W5: before an external merge step. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. With these challenges in mind  , we introduce Plurality – an interactive tagging recommendation system see Figure 1. Based on the closed loop poles and zeros as given in the previous section  , the closed loop transfer function is written as Fig.15shows the performance of the experimental system when zero phase tracking control. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. Judges could browse a book sequentially or jump to a page  , browse using the hyperlinked table of contents  , search inside the book  , and visit the recommended candidate pages listed on the Assessment tab. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. Instead  , for technical reasons  , we define the semantics of an ODX ECU-VARIANT directly as a pair of regular grammars G A  ,G C  generating sets A and C. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. We can observe that LSSH can significantly outperform baseline methods on both cross-modal similarity search tasks which verifies the effectiveness of LSSH. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. The goal of information retrieval  , is to learn a retrieval function h * that will be good for all the queries q ∈ Q. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. Then the key phrases are used as queries to query the image search engine for the images relevant to the topics of the web page. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. The description provides enough information to discriminate this starting This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. NeumesXML is defined by an XML Schema  , which has powerful capabilities for data constraints that XML DTD lacks. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. , denote the plate's instantaneous acceleration   , where m   , is the plate's mass parts' masses are negligible. The pruning comes in three forms. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. We heuristically limit our search space to include only left-deep evaluation plans for structural joins. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. Integrating support for arrays  , as well as operations on them  , is an important extension of this research which we are currently investigating. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. , are provided by the Access Service itself. In theory  , this conversion may generate a DNF with exponentially many clauses. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. Shown is also the error plot illustrating the deviation e Ajx   , Ajx for all possible x. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. Consider a two class classification problem. Probabilistic models for document corpora are a central concern for IR researchers. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. Each of these research problems presents a number of challenges that must be addressed to provide effective and efficient solutions to the overall problem of distributed information retrieval. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. Finally  , we would like to explore applications of our model in other tasks  , such as Topic Detection and Tracking  , and in other languages. However  , we believe that MT cannot be the only solution to CLIR. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. , t-test is also employed. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. The concolic testing phase can then generate the sequence ESC dd during exhaustive search. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. Section 2 begins by placing our search problem in the context of the related work. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. by human experts may not be consistent with actual queries used by users  , which may affect the search quality for the search engine. , 1994; Thompson  , 1990. nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. 2014. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Like RPQs  , all SRPQs are defined by a regular expression R over Σ. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. We summarized the previous PLSA based methods for question recommendation and discovered that they can be divided into two main categories: 1 methods that model the user indirectly. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. The actual definition of the term significance weight is Pt; = liD  , which is the probability that term i is assigned to document representative D. For term i in document j  , the term significance weight is referred to by s;j and the resulting ranking function is Two variations of this stream were implemented  , Web Pattern Matching and Collection Pattern Matching. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . We also revisited our merging approach  , trying out an alternative strategy. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. If a leaf node is popped off the stack  , we can return the qualifying entries that we find on it. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. It provides two APIs: the internal API  , used mainly by the interpreter and the dynamic compiler to automate the interaction with the isolation engine  , and the external API  , exposed to expert programmers as a package written in the Java programming language. Accordingly  , we combine the textual similarity and structural similarity to effectively rank the MCCTrees. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Domain-specific language modeling has been used in speech recognition 1123  , with encouraging results. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. We participated in both the Document Search task and Expert Search Task at the Enterprise Track of Trec 2007. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. , waiting for the use of a definition that is already been killed and trigger backtracking. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. The experiments show that the local approach is indeed superior to the global approach  , both in terms of accuracy and quality of the completed databases. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. Figure 8 shows Steam Community populations for the twelve countries comprising the union of the top ten user populations and the top ten cheater populations. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. The human-robot interactions lasted approximately 2 minutes and 20 seconds  , though the particular amount of time varied by how long the participant took to sort the block. Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. In CLIR  , PRF can be used prior or post translation or both for pre/post-translation query expansion see  , 16. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. The second task  , namely prior art search  , consists of 1000 test patents and the task is to retrieve sets of documents invalidating each test patent. In our first user evaluation experiment  , we let domain experts judge and compare the search results from NanoPort to those from two benchmark systems: Google and NanoSpot. Image. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. Indeed we know that a positive transfer function is typical of a spring  , while a negative transfer function is indicative of a mass. This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. A high positive correlation coefficient indicates that with an increase in the actual defect density there is a corresponding positive increase in the estimated defect density. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. , l  , and in motion planning 2  , 4  , 111. and S C_ F represent an znformatzon state. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. A major advantage of our work is that by extending the PLSA model for data from both training and test domains  , we are able to delineate nicely parts of the knowledge through TPLSA that is constant between different domains and parts that are specific to each data set. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Our experiments exposed three previously unknown bugs  , two of which were already fixed. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. In order to keep the size of the induced lexicon manageable  , a threshold 0.01 was used to discard low probability translations. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. We chose the TRECvid search task partly because it provides an interesting complex search task involving several modalities text  , image  , and concept similarity and partly to leverage existing experience e.g. to analyze search performance. Since our task is classification  , we optimize for the deviance loss function 9. Wikipedia Search is a search engine built in Wikipedia  , and it can be used to locate content on Wikipedia based on plain text retrieval techniques. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. TALI denotes the traditional active learning using informativeness  , where the most 20 uncertain instances are added to previous training set to train a new active learner. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. Without loss of generality we will assume B i ≤ j u ij . We start with the performance of LapPLSA using single resources. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. The displacement and the translation speed can be obtained from the shaft encoders. The complexity of a regular expression  , i.e. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. with t elements and |D| possible tags for each element y i   , i = 1  , · · ·   , t  , the possible number of classes is |D| t . This can be done by computing B i X −1 p i where p i are the segmented model points in the first case  , and the segmented bead in the second case. Such a model generalize to new campaigns if we can estimate the unknown coefficients gi for each user feature i from the training data. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. The authors propose two powerful operators  , called I&-operations  , which are based on regular languages and which define a family of list merging and extracting operations. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. The search space is uniformly sampled at random. One of the common approaches is to derive the transfer functions for all input/output pairs from the step response experiments 4. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. , to distinguish highly personalized SERPs and to discount observed clicks in these sessions. 28  proposed a personalized search framework to utilize folksonomy for personalized search. Sheridan et al. 6 and 7. In both cases  , the hinge is perforated to make bending easier and to enable precise folds. With a few exceptions  , each API function has a one-to-one correspondence to an Orbix interface function. It can be shown that the number of possible decompositions i.e. It has even been suggested that CLIR evaluations may be measuring resource quality foremost or equivalently  , financial status 7. Learning scheme. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. T r a n s f e r F u n c t i o n Modelling In the previous section  , it is shown that  , for the transfer function between the input torque and the net tip deflection  , there is no well-defined relative degree. Neither method regular expressions or language model for classifying questions was ideal. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. We first note that even on a single server for a single game  , players generally interact with considerably more players than they have declared friendships with. The former caters for controlled access to shared resources. This section demonstrates self-folding of a variable resistor as an example to show the capability of our system. Therefore  , it may be true that within low frequency range  , for example until the natural frequency  , the estimated force can become a good approximate value. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. We plan to study this possibility in future work. the GEMINI framework 9. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . Maps have evolved over time to address scale issues  141. Since the problem of researcher-indu~d bias was recognized as a potential problem  , four different researchers interacted with participants in a relatively random manner dictated by individual schedules. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures. As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. For instance  , votes on a five star rating may mean different things for different people. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . 321–332  , 2007. c Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007While classical retrieval tools enable us to search for documents as an atomic unit without any context  , systems like POOL 14  are able to model and exploit the document structure and nested documents. Here 2 × cs denotes the length of the context for the sentence sequence. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. The controller transfer function is C We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. Section 2 describes related work. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. Approximate solutions can be found by adjoining the constraints with a penalty function 13. A standard approach to optimize search and query in the vocabulary is to maintain a tree-based data structure 17– 19. The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. In our method k is a parameter of the MDS-projection and results were computed by placing all test documents into the English maps. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure . Having a " private " search engine would enable an NLP application to issue a much larger number of queries quickly  , but efficiency is still a problem. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. The test on the pile of 5 towels was also completely successful. The structure of the paper is a as follows. As stated in the introduction  , our work extends hash teams so that they become applicable in situations in which the columns of the join and group-by operations are not the same. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. in  TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks. sensorimotor space that extends beyond the cmiera's view based on collisions. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. Given a question 1 2 .. k Q q q q =   , it is natural to assign it to the question class which has highest posterior probability  , i.e. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The approaches developed–such as the " imputation methods " that attempt to modify the database directly by replacing null values with likely values–are not applicable for autonomous databases where the mediator often has restricted access to the data sources. The breadth-first strategy  , however  , draws a different picture: a user will look ahead at a series of results before clicking on the favorite results among them. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. A hash index on Pub1isher.paddre.w can be exploited by an index semijoin in the bypass plan as well as in the DNF-based plan  , but not in the CNF-based plan. By averaging the values of pixels having the same y-coordinate in the stripe region  , an array of 24 intensity values along the stripe region in the x direction is obtained. To do this  , we expand L into a list of <content-ID  , content-ID  , count of common shingles> triplets by taking each shingle that appears in multiple contents and generating the complete set of <content-ID  , content-ID  , 1> triplets for that shingle. Indeed  , the average estimated attrition for individuals in completed chains is 3% lower than the average estimated attrition for individuals in incomplete chains. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. Most commercial image search engines  , e.g. The TOMS can map between the two branches  , however  , and find which lines a sentence spansboth  , and gives the administrator an ID that must be used as a unique key to identify the document in all future interactions. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Other strategies for setting mean value and variance can also be adopted in our approach. In this section  , we first establish a baseline using our transliteration module and commercial monolingual location search systems  , since no other comparable crosslingual location search system exists. To our knowledge  , no theoretically well founded framework for distributed retrieval is known so far that integrates acceptable non-heuristic solutions to the two problems. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. Figure 2gives the results for memory sizes ranging from l/10 of R in memory to all of R in memory. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. Accordingly  , we approximately represent this C-Space by a directed graph referred to as " manipulation-feasibility graph 3; we' conslruct nodes of the graph by discretizing the C-Space  , ana connect the nodes with directed arcs. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. A hundred trees were learnt in MLRF's random forest for each data set. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3  , CQA : 0.7}  , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability  , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. For a more detailed discussion  , see 12. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. Strain sensors mounted on the bcam surface are used to derive the bending information. The bars labelled with the 'o' suffix make use of a semantic optimization: We restrict the grid to the relevant region before searching for cells that contain points. For extroverted participants  , robot's intervention increases people's heart rate in easy game level and decreases it in the difficult level. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. Just indexing multimedia through text search engines is quite imprecise; in a random sample we took  , only 1.4% of the text on Web pages with images described those images. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. Thus  , though there has been some interest in the past especially with respect to handling variation and normalization of transliterated text  , on the whole the challenge of IR in the mixed-script space is largely neglected. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. We defined transformation rules on top of the SQGM to provide means for rewriting and simplifying the query formulation. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. Dynamic load balancing strategies can be important for meeting timeliness requirements under changing workloads  , while also providing a natural scaling plan as environmental events become more numerous and more frequent. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Our TREC-8 results show that post-retrieval merging of retrieval results can outperform preretrieval merging of multilingual data collections. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. The same results are also used to highlight the advantages of bushy execution trees over more restricted tree shapes. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. We also generated random dummy clicks for the cover queries with the same expectation of the number of clicks in true queries so that search engines will not have explicit signal to recognize them. First  , the complexity of the problem is  , in general  , exponential 25 and systematic search through the whole solution space does not guarantee worst case performance. To verify the robustness of our approach to modeling inaccuracy and parameter perturbation  , simulations under four different situations have been carried out: a changc in2 to 1.5m2 ; b change m2 to 2m2 ; c change in2 to 1.5m2   , and add friction torques FICI  , d=20&  , F2q  , 4=20Ci2  , F3q9 4=20&; d changed m2 to 2m2   , with the same friction torques as c. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. In the DOM tree see Figure 2 corresponding to the Web page in Figure 1  , the paths leading to the leaf nodes containing these text strings are α·table·tr·td·font·b·p and α·table·tr·td·p·b·font  , respectively  , where α represents the path string from the root of the DOM tree to the table tag. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. It also included a search box to allow users to search using keywords. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Moreover  , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. Since the " simple " approach to determine the value of social navigation cues in the search interface provided little insight  , we had to use a more advanced approach. This is because higher values of θ result in highly similar pattern clusters that represent specific semantic relations. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. PROCLUS 2 seeks to find axis-aligned subspaces by partitioning the set of points and then uses a hill-climbing technique to refine the partitions. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. The left two figures are for short queries  , and the right two are for long queries. ?. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. For instance  , the regular expression ^Jjan uary ? This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. Statistically significant differences of prediction quality are determined using the two-tailed paired t-test computed over the folds using a 95% confidence level. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. Search API. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. If K  , N  , T assume realistic values  , though  , the exact solution of BP may become rather cumbersome or infeasible in practice. stiffness force disturbance 16. The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. In that case  , we will consider the major to minor ordering R.d  , R.b for nested loop and R.b  , R.d for sort-merge. Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic PLSA is most suitable for count data instead of binary data  , which may be one of the reasons why PLSA did not cover the data well. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. In the first step  , we create 100 min-hashes per document  , while in the second step  , 80 32-bit super-hashes are created from the min-hashes for each document and for each iteration in the subsequent step i.e. Section 5 concludes this work. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. The first issue can be addressed with iSPARQL query optimization  , which we investigated in 2 ,22. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. Invocation. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. The in-memory sort merge join BE771 works as follows. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. 3 The best performance is achieved by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction at average precision of 0.5925 and average recall of 0.6379. This is similar to the problem of inferring regular expression structures from examples  , that has been addressed in the machine learning literature e.g. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. The normalized optimal matching weight is used as the semantic similarity between the queries. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Even when a search session consists of multiple queries  , the queries are likely unrelated. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. This property is called interlacing. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. The above design specifications can be translated into constraints on the nominal openloop transfer function  , Lojw = PojwCjw where Po@ is the nominal plant frequency response. Small η values may cause the learning model over-sensitive to the training samples. This is illustrated with some simulation results. We observe that partitions formed using the votes of single-view models contain more than half of the documents in the collection and that these groups are highly homogeneous with an average precision of 0.76. Additionally   , search engine query logs can be used to incorporate query context derived from users' search histories  , leading to better query language models that improve search accuracy 42. Finally  , we would like to measure the payofrs we can get on more reallife worklon.ds. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. This can in fact be seen as a particular instance of the principle of Dynamic Programming which is used in this paper. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Tanaka- Ishii and Nakagawa 32 developed a tool for language learners to perform multilingual search to find usage of foreign languages. 2 builds a self-folding crease pattern in On 2  time and space. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. Our system provides users not only the reranking interface  , but also a tag cloud to encourage users to explore search results from various viewpoints  , and a simple interface to specify an html element that contains a search result to recognize structures of the search results page. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. To verify that  , we compute the Pearson correlation between a street segment's unpleasant smells as per Formula 4 in Section 4 and the segment's sentiment. The measurements were supervised by GL one of the authors who is an experienced scoliosis surgeon at National University Hospital  , Singapore. An optimal partition can be computed in Θn 2  time and space by solving a variant of dynamic programming recurrence introduced in 4 . From the above~ it can be concluded that serious problem.s arise when the BIR or the RPI model is applied to rank the output set of a boolean query and the probabilistic parameters are estimated on parts of this output set In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. is likely to appear within ten words and fifty bytes to the right of the exact phrase " the Mesozoic period ended " . If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. For the former  , the average precision was 0.28  , and for the latter 0.20. Our approach consists of two steps. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. They found a 55% loss in average precision in queries translated word-by-word compared to the original queries. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . The visits observed appeared very social or recreational in nature. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. The selected edges represent discontinuities in color and lie inside of a planar surface to avoid errors caused by edges at the boundary between two surfaces. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. 2 by gradient descent. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . 2 Novel evaluation methods for Xcerpt  , enabled by high-level query constructs  , are being investigated. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. In training  , an autoencoder is given the input x ∈ R n as both training instance and label. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. It is clear that pre-search context is very different from user search history or search session context  , which are explored by many previous studies for understanding search intent. It consists of five key phases: the visual similarity graph construction phase Line 1  , the E-construction phase Line 2  , the decomposition phase Line 3  , the summary compression phase Line 4  , and the exemplar summary generation phase Lines 5-9. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. MUST currently uses all the possible translations for each content word and performs no weight adjustment. In fact  , 25  , 27  validate the overfitting issue faced by random forest models when learning to classify high-dimensional noisy data. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. For the English-French CLIR experiments  , we computed the mean average precision MAP over 50 queries formulated from the CLEF 2001 topic set Topics 41-90. , 18  , 21. The i th of the M machines has ci cores used for shard search across the pi shards allocated to it  , and if allowed for resource selection and result merging. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Thus  , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results. Once the features have been computed for an image  , they are fed into a random forest 6 classifier. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. Under these conditions  , the semantic model alone performs much worse than keyword-based search. Similarly as in the implicit force control  , the transfer function GF2 should be strictly proper to ensure zero steady state force error and t o compensate for stationary impedance i.e. in 21. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. For a concrete example  , suppose that a client needs to extend a Stack component interface that provides basic stack operations  , such as  , push  , pop  , and empty. Therefore  , in order to construct the model based pressure distribution image  , it is much easier to use the hollow model than the solid model. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. garbage collections. 5  , 39. WORK This paper proposes a new dimension of flexibility for the architects of large-scale distributed systems -the ability to program dynamic layout policies separately from the application's logic. These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. When the error metric is possibly nonintegral as with SSE  , the range of values that A can take is large. Finally  , we conducted extensive experiments on Freebase demonstrating the effectiveness and the efficiency of our approach. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. We can actually treat the ranking function space as a space consists of all kinds of tree structures. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". As a new type of probabilistic retrieval models  , language models have been shown to be effective for many retrieval tasks 21  , 28  , 14  , 4 . The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. Our setup only performs the regular expression match if the TCP payload starts with GET or HTTP indicating a HTTP payload. The capability t o guarantee that a point in the workspace is reachable in any orientation despite joint limits is unique t o this work. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. In Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. Similarity search has become an important technique in many information retrieval applications such as search and recommendation. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Density-based methods identify clusters through the data point density and can usually discover clusters with arbitrary shapes without a pre-set number of clusters. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. Therefore  , exploration and search techniques are needed that can seek quality and relevance of results beyond what keyword similarity can provide. , which already have departure from the original goal of TREC in some degree. Figure 3depicts the model of the modem circuit including the parasitic dynamics. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. The notion of identity representation in search is quite simple; the issue can be summed by the question " What does a search engine say about an individual  , when that individual is researched in a search engine by another individual ? " As expected  , Random performs worst. Knees et al. we perform a breadth first search. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. Also  , the correlation of frequencies of personal finance queries is very high all day  , indicating searchers are entering the same queries roughly the same relative amount of times  , this is clearly not true for music. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. We decided not to keep such documents as they could potentially consist of lists of city names  , which we believe would provide zero interest to any user. Also  , a simple path expression may contain a regular expression or " wildcards " as described in AQM + 97. In §2 we investigate the media studies research cycle. In this paper  , we address the problem of similarity search in large databases. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. Section 2 provides a brief review of related work. Random forests provide information on how well features helps to separate classes and give insight on which ones help to characterize centrally relevant documents about an entity in a stream. K-anonymity 24  , 25  , 26  , 29  , 30  has been proposed as a means to preserving privacy in data releases. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. These results give a set of clusters of measures that have high correlation across a simulated document collection. Since a given table df w is the number of documents that contain the term w. |d| is the length of document d. avdl is the average document length. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. A basic search allows a search with simple keywords and then the matched results are returned in ranked order. the selection of the correct translation words from the dictionary. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. For this task  , we can use all features preceding the onset and also the features of the onset itself  , such as the condition type e.g.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. Heuristic function h 0 evaluates all nodes equally so it has no heuristic power and does not provide any guidance. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. This means that this k e d point is saddle-type and unstable. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. The last one was the model that best fitted D δ   , and its parameters are presented in Table 2  , along with the goodness of fitting measure Adjusted-R 2 . Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. In this experiment we have set D=8  , T=500 ,000  , and C i =T/i  , while varying Z from 0 uniform distribution  to 2. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. However  , having the facets visible at all times did not introduce usability issues either. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. From the week-long sample of search sessions described in Section 3.1  , we generate a dataset for our re-ranking experiments. There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. , etc. Finally  , we present our conclusion in Section 6. Semisupervised learning is a popular machine learning manner  , which makes use of unlabeled training samples with a part of labeled samples for building the prediction model 4950. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. One class of approaches focuses on extracting knowledge structures automatically from text corpora. In order to test the effectiveness of the impedance controller with a single d.0.f. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " We evaluate the six graph models using the Facebook graphs listed in Table 1 . We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. For DE→EN  , QR achieves almost the same MAP compared to using OQ  , which demonstrates the usefulness of QR for CLIR. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. Xser 26   , the most successful system in QALD-4 and QALD-5  , uses a twostep architecture. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. Apart from such automatic methods to discover guards  , user assistance may be sought at this point to determine ideal guards from a shortlist. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. This confirms earlier findings that the MLP can be slower by 1–2 orders of magnitude  , and has a direct dependence on the size of the training set 27. From this state all possible actions are evaluated using In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. We find that it is more effective than DBSCAN in discovering functional areas in those three cities. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. forest-fire with random seeds seem to perform well for themes that are of global importance  , such as 'Social Issues' that subsumes topics like '#BeatCancer'  , 'Swine Flu'  , '#Stoptheviolence' and 'Unemployment'. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. In this way  , the statistical topic model could capture the co-occurences of items and encourage to group users into communities. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. – automatic audio annotations coming from emotional states recognition for example fear  , neutral  , anger. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. The rightmost thread contains the discussion in hypertext system in the late 80's such as hypertext system implementation Topic 166 and 224 and formal defintion of hypertext system using petrinet Topic 232. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 .  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. In general it is an intractable task to enumerate all possible y. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. Retrieval results using individual lexicons are significantly worse than those using the combination of the three lexical resources  , confirming findings by other researchers that lexicon coverage is critical for CLIR performance Levow and Oard  , 1999. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. Now  , recursively build both branches  , This method is an improvement in that it is symmetric and the tree struc-ture still tends to be well balanced assuming sufficiently random selection of the two points. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. The two essential parts are summarized in Figure 3. Second  , the system is extensible. Once these features are removed the remaining point cloud consists of a dense cluster of payload points with a few outliers introduced from dust. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. Its design allows for easy integration into the design and fold patterns for more complex machines that may require bi-stable switches  , actuators  , or valves. The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. This will be published in the near future. It is written in Java and is highly configurable. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. They follow walls and turn at random at intersections. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. While 10 uses a feature space grid to assist in the search for maxima  , 4 parses the table of data points for each hill climbing step. 2 In Definition 2.3  , a term is a normalized class of tokens that is included in the system's dictionary. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . Stability is analyzed by plotting the Popov curve for the transfer function from A to B . The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Given a page  , the task is to predict a ranked list of SearchTrigger queries that a random user may want to issue after reading the page  , based on historical user browsing behavior data. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. The changes are introduced into the XML 6 A necessarily exponential-time procedure  , in general unless P = NP. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. To arrive at a comparable subset of search systems we will have to restrict the above definition to systems that retrieve data from a knowledge base containing RDF data 17. Strictly speaking  , the context of a query term q i ,k occurred at the k-th location of the i-th document is the terms surrounding and including q i ,k . In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. Both Kwok's method and MDF were found to achieve retrieval effectiveness values similar to that obtained with Pirkola's structured query method  , so Kwok's method seems to be a good basis from which to build probabilistic structured query methods. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. The indexed translations are part of the corpus distribution. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. Points that are not core and not reachable from a core are labeled as noise. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. The user has one single entry point to start of his information search. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. This hierarchical search strategy is enhanced by using a boolean query combination of a query from the hierarchy  , a keyword search  , a title search and a search with a term based on the case topic type. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. However  , according to Figures 1g and 1 e  we can see that when comparing averaged values the behaviour of the contribution metric is not random  , instead it is clearly correlated with citation counts. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. Some of the demographic information  , such as gender  , age  , and specific conditions  , such as patients weight  , were only mentioned in the text. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. They never use a search engine to discover pages. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . f f r e q rulesets classify connections in order of increasing frequency followed by normal  , with a default clasrithm that updates the stored sequences and used data from UNIX shell commands. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . The corresponding z-domain transfer function is is the integrator output. Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. For swiss-roll we use K = 530. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. The approach matches each test page with the learnt template  , segment the web page into set of sections  , and assigns importance to each section  , using template learning  , and page level spatial and content features. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. A major advantage of document navigation in virtual documents is the ability to search for text in the contents of the document. or at least make explicit  , these heuristic judgments by developing models of queries and documents that could be used to deduce appropriate retrieval strategies. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. The pulse transfer function under the zero order hold for a double integrator possesses a zero at -1 and is of nonminimum phase. In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. As a consequence  , there exist a number of dedicated news search engines and many of the major search portals offer a dedicated news search tab. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. If n is small and d is a finite and countable set then the distribution may be computed numerically by evaluating the possible sequences of actions  , computing the resultant final configurations  , and storing the associated probabilities in a data structure. , <formula>  Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. Most search tools available for the WWW today e.g. The intermediate output of the Viterbi program is shown as follows: arthur : 1 ,01 b : 1 ,11 sackler : 1 ,21 2 ,340.6 .. 12 ,20.5 .. : the : 0 ,210.0019 0 ,260.0027 .. 23 ,440.0014 internet : 0 ,270.0027 1 ,390.0016 .. 18 ,160.0014 unique : 0 ,280.0027 Choosing the sequence with the highest score  , we find the most likely position sequence. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. If there exists an instance with the same name  , the user can tell whether the newfound name refers to an existing instance or to a new one. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. In this section we will shortly describe the fingerprints and similarity measures widely used in the chemical domain. We participated in the main task of the CLIR track  , using an English query to create a single merged ranked list of English  , French  , German and Italian news stories for each of the 28 topics. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Manipulator vibration due to structural and drive compliance8 has also been largely ignored in the literature on visual servoing. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. Some alternatives are discussed in Has95. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. The function returns a data set composed of multiple separate tuples for each identified web session one tuple per session containing additional aggregate statistics e.g. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Our work is also related to term selection from a query. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. The result images are sorted by ORN distances. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. The quality of the search depends on knowing what search terms to use and on the implemented search strategies. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. In this experiment  , leave-one-out was used for training 3. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. Otherwise  , the attributes in the non-stale set are selected as being influential on the score. The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. For German  , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. , explicitly indicating where the concepts should appear. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. This paper presents a framework that combines the modeling of information retrieval on the documents associated with social annotations. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. Using this probability  , we can compute the expected number of days before an error occurs. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. Only the tempered version of EM 7 used for folding prevents that the short query is mapped to that border position. Neither per-impression nor perclick bidding can exhaustively mimic the bidding index in these natural scenarios. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. We have shown a successful application of casebased search in the domain of assembly sequence generation . Their approach can be considered as the " opposite " of an N-way merge sort. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. This provides a degree of privacy  , but it makes search logs less useful by inserting additional noise that makes a user's general interests difficult to discern. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. Game theory also explores interaction. The broad-brush effect can be eliminated by identifying such alliances and grouping them together. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. , her query with the awareness of the pre-search context i.e. For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. a The transformation step :. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. This table shows that after feature selection  , the proposed method is about three times faster than the sate-of-the-art random forest method  , and achieves greater accuracy. The transfer function of the system is then: ;   , = 10  , y : ;   , = 20 and YE;  , = 100 the resulting optimal T* is equal to 0.917s. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 .  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The data could be nicely covered with these motifs that are very common  , but in this study we aim at finding relationships between the motifs. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. We prefer to consider the problem in terms of sum square error  , but each view affords its own useful insight. To avoid returning unmanageably large result sets  , the zetoc search response is a list of a fixed number slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. The normalized cost of a plan is defined as the execution cost of the plan divided by the cost of the plan that uses no approximate predicates. Search VS. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. A method of voting for object centroids followed by a model fitting step was described in 20  , but we assume having no CAD models for test objects in this paper. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. Instead of completing this step before performing Iv linal merge as discussed previously  , the sort operator can switch to the tinal merge directly. We note that the partitioning helps much more in the case of the sort merge join compared to the hash join because the sorting operation is much more memory intensive and computationally expensive i.e. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. We expect that those hidden factors would correspond to blogger's complex sentiments expressed in the blog review. , not from WordNet  , and whether documents from the Blog06 corpus were included in the search or not. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. A similarity score between each place vector from Google Places and each preference vector based on the cosine measure was then computed. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. The batch  Q  size is set to be 20.  ,\ = 0.5 and 3 = 1. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Instead of selecting two chromosomes at a time  , the supervised crossover operator will put the whole population under consideration. This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. The transfer function for the Fy model is: The transfer function for the Fx model is: Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . To test the effectiveness of these various methods we used them in combination with a probabilistic retrieval incorporating inverse document frequency and within document frequency weights. In other retrieval models  , the concept of ranking for more than two ranks can be similarly interpreted as a preference relation. This is due to a very large number of misspellings and words occurring only once hence they are filted by the word2vec tool. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. A server name directive that may contain one or more fully qualified domain names or regular expressions defining a class of domain names. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. In order for find a relevant solution  , the system needs to search over multiple combinations of PMR problem aspects and technical document and find the best matches. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. proposed a contextual computing approach to improve personalized search efficiency 4. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . The average Pearson correlation between the four coders across the 1050 labels was 0.8723. Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. Supporting to similarity queries from inside SQL in a native form is important to allow optimizing the full set of search operations involved in each query posed. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. PLSA assigns extremely large close to 1 pθ|d of the topic " windy " to Delaware  , and " hurricane " to Hawaii. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. 20 shows that for these parameters the search space for a tree is very large and the problem is essentially a needle-in-a-haystack problem. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . Table 1  , column c reports the average percent failure rate observed for each object. Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. The result is the definition of a new similarity measure based on three characteristics derived from the visitor sessions: the sequence of visited pages  , their content and the time spent in each one of them. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. State-of-the-Art. Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. This paper contributes to an aspect of similarity search that receives increasing attention in information retrieval: The use of hashing to significantly speed up similarity search. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. A value k of variable b i means there are k transactions from equivalence class i in the tidset  , hence it is constrained to be at most the number of variables it substitutes. The importance of exploiting available orderings has been recognized in the seminal work of Selinger et al 4. As proper names and technical terms are very important in many information retrieval queries  , for dictionary-based CLIR between Japanese and English  , it is imperative that foreign words be properly transliterated into and out of katakana. In this work  , we study the feasibility of enabling a real-time search experience for trending search topics without overwhelming the search backend with an excessive number of search requests. Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. Yet  , in the CQA domain  , the differences are vast. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. controller. JPF is an explicit-state model checker that analyzes Java bytecode classes directly for deadlocks and assertion violations. Twitter For example  , if we observe Figure 1  , we can see two plots  , one of them corresponds to the relative frequency of EHEC cases as reported by RKI Robert Koch Institute RKI 2011  , and the other to the relative frequency of mentions of the keyword " EHEC " in the tweets collected during the months of May and June 2011. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. We generate the top k similar images of an image by computing the distance of visual feature vectors. Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 30. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. For the experiments in this paper  , our search engine indexed about 130 million pages  , crawled from the Web during March of 2004. A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. However  , it would be unclear how to choose a good cutoff point on the ranked list of retrieved results. Second  , we want to consider other types of 1 user action  , e.g. The total time complexity is Onk where n is the number of tree nodes. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. The two different document-oriented and query-oriented views on how to assign a probability of relevance of a document to a user need have resulted in several different types of practical mod- els 17 . Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. This Web-based application provides a number of match modes including approximate matching for " interval and rhythm " and " contour and rhythm " . For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. Viterbi recognizer search. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. where A is the search result vector and B is either the " positive " or the " negative " profile vector. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. ranking: how should one rank sentences returned in a boolean environment  , so that the best possible sentences are given first to the answer extraction component ? In 3  random walks are described on click graphs  , containing information about clicked URLs but not about user sessions. If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. We seek to predict household income from age in years  , education 16 levels  , marital status 7 levels  , and sex 2 levels. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. We believe that by combining highly accurate genre classification with a robust retrieval and alignment we will be able to provide an effective tool for searching and browsing for both professionals and amateurs. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. If the effective relative access rate is lower than random  , it means that the links with this quality discourage user from accessing them. In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. 7 Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. The state machine inside the rule is instantiated for different client/server combinations and is the rule's memory. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. , 15. Federated text search provides a unified search interface for multiple search engines of distributed text information sources. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. We developed an integrated search interface as a stand-alone Java application to support this multimodal search. If a quick overview of the most common patterns in the data matrix is needed  , maximal frequent sets or NMF might be good methods to use. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. The Periscope/SQ optimizer rewrites this query using the algebraic properties of PiQA and cost estimates for different plans.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. Additionally  , the cluster centers Ki and the cluster radius ri are kept in a main memory list. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. In this paper  , we adopt the most popular approach Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 2  , which is defined as: If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. Dynamic programming DP 2 is a good candidate to solve the optimal maneuver of robot players in a football game. Surprisingly   , we find in our experiments that the cache-stationary join phase performs as well as the sort-merge implementation . propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. At run-time  , for a given query  , first the most relevant p-strings are identified. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. For this test  , we select the TREC subtopics in the search task with | estimated on relevance judgments  , and the MovieLens dataset for the recommendation task. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. Mapping navigable space is important for mobile robots and can also he a product in its own right  , e.g. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. As the quality of machine translation improved  , the focus of CLIR user studies expanded from merely enabling users to find documents e.g. In Information Retrieval Modelling  , the main efforts have been devoted to  , for a specific information need query  , automatically scoring individual documents with respect to their relevance states. The earlier we detect the impossibility  , the more search efforts can be saved. In three dimensions  , there exist open and closed chains that can lock 4  , 5  , while  , in dimensions higher than three  , nei­ ther open nor closed chains can lock 6. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. However  , the performance of the DOM crawler in addition to the Hub-Seeking crawler is significantly better than the Naive Best-First crawler on average target recall@10000 Figure 4d Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR  , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 10  , 15  , 1  , 21 . Comparing to the unmediated search approaches  , the mediated search has a higher success rate 14. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. Even though there is a single continuous period 1993–2010  , it is represented in two different triples that both intersect the interval in the query 1997  , 2003. Thus  , it provides the first tractable method for search of grasp contacts on such input data. An advantage of the PLSA approach over previous techniques is that it can be readily augmented to incorporate new sources of information. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. This overhead is unnecessary and expensive for individuals wishing to get an overall understanding of user opinion. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. For this rca­ son  , we believe motion planning has great potential to help us understand folding. Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. A CIM application has been prototyped on top of the system RF'F95. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. The model for mapping is learned using a training set of transcribed annotations. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. In this section we will focus on three sources from which equations with extra variables can arise and on how CEC deals with these cases. There are many promising future directions. 5.2 Structured search using search engines. Here we introduce methods for estimating costs based on the most crucial cost source  , retrieval quality. The most essential and unique characteristic of FarGo is its extensive support for programming the dynamic layout separately from the application's logic. where the conflict rate is most significant. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . For example  , if we make the rather uncommon query " How do I remove tree sap from my car ? " Minwise hashing minhash is a widely popular indexing scheme in practice for similarity search. An important initial step towards creating such a system is to determine how to computationally represent interactive games. Along the lines of semantic similarity  , PMI-IR Turney 2001  used PMI scores based on search engine results to assess similarity of two words. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. In this paper  , we propose to exploit ray tracing techniques to guide our search for connections between CCs. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. We therefore feel that our monolingual baseline for Chinese is a reasonable one. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. This is achieved by applying a pattern matching between re-evaluation rule patterns and the node currently being modified. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. YUV values of the object are calculated  , values of the pressure sensors at the gripper  , and width of the gripper hereinafter  , these pressure and width data are combined and called " hand data "  are integrated using Kohonen maps in this experiment. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. , bots. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. Next  , PLSA is used to match semantic similarity between query and web services. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. , s2. Once entry Ei  , · · ·  has been used to compute all the entries for node i 2   , it can be garbage-collected. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. In view of the lot related objective function  , it is not necessary to model the movement of individual transfer lots. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. 5. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. In 13 the different behaviors shown by static and dynamic friction models Dahl model in the rendering of the friction phenomena acting on the tendon-based driving system have been evaluated  , and the better physical resemblance of the Dahl friction model has been reported. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. Most other operators  , except aggregations  , can be changed to operate directly on these tuplecodes. With this controller  , we have the following transfer function and the backdraiv- ability. An entry questionnaire and a pre-search questionnaire were administered before the experiment. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. Turning to the models proposed in this paper  , the BEX approach alleviated the risk of temporal conditioning of search results for in comparison to EXP. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. As expected   , the QE method using a word translation model TM1 fails to improve the search performance. Shaelyn is completing a similar task using Scholarly. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. Search trails are encoded to a string for studying various patterns in the trail. ,Dm ORB JNB  ,om I ANB SWB  , I I ORB First  , the one-bit search result can be pushed PUB onto the stack and optionally duplicated DUB so that the top two bits represent two copies of the search result. Optimizing a query into a single plan may result in a substantially sub-optimal plan if the actual values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. Access. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. Such a model is described in terms of the marginals it fits and the dependencies that are assumed to be present in the data. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ The time spent on the sort-and-merge takes up most of the running time over 70%. Summarized  , despite the issue that many PDFs could not be converted  , the rule based heuristic we introduced in this paper  , delivers good results in extracting titles from scientific PDFs 77.9% accuracy. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. Note that some proposed features cannot be extracted from certain large-scale datasets  , e.g. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. pred is a function returning a boolean. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l We also Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. The two curves on the right show two stock market charts and their corresponding time wrapping function 21. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. 5  , 14  , traffic rules 6  , 81  , negotiation for dynamic task allocation 9  , 31  , and synchronization by programming 12  , 161. The average number of clusters per pre-onset history is 2.83 SD=2.43  , the average cluster length is around 2.54 days SD=2.32 days  , and the average periodicity of the clusters is around two weeks M=14.50 days  , SD=12.70 days. To address this issue  , we relied on pattern matching  , a very powerful feature that current Computer Algebra Systems CAS provide. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. There have been several recent studies suggesting that a large percentage of web browsing sessions start by a visit to a search engine  , expressing a query for their need  , and following links suggested by the search engine. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. Regular path expression. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. By considering assignments as production rules and translating the input specification into production rules  , we can obtain the following grammar approximating the output of the program. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. One scenario is that no range information is available. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. A recent paper by Müller et al. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. Contemporary visions of how robots will be used in daily life include many situations in which people interact and share their space with not only one  , but multiple  , robots. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. Memory management. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. To prevent exponential grown  , the size of the window is limited. However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . Our main contributions are summarized as follows: The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . Experiments on several large-scale real-world data sets indicated that the proposed approach worked much better than other systems by large margin. The Matrox Imaging Library in version 6.0 provides a smart search technique that repeatedly halves the search region into smaller and smaller portions. Internet advertising is a complex problem. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. Our method is unable to deal with the translation of non-compositional NPs. As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. Despite the seemingly lower word coverage compared to using " bag of words "   , decent performance has been reported when using appraisal words in sentiment classification 24. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. For each English query  , the gold standard geographic location Latitude  , Longitude was obtained by majority consensus among multiple commercial location search engines  , namely  , Google Maps™  , Windows Live Local™  , and Yahoo Maps™  , or by manually locating it on a map. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? Billerbeck and Zobel explored a range of query metrics to predict the QE success  , but  , as they report  , without clear success. to transform one string to the other. The transfer function from u=ul u2 t t o e=el e21t is By definition  , the compensator C stabilizes the plant P if Il+PC 1#0 and all the elements of H  P   , G  are stable. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. The path expression join can be observed through the author and wasBorn properties. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. In this work we presented a more efficient way to compute general heuristics for E-Graphs  , especially for those which are not computed using dynamic programming. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. As the diagram shows  , we label each node in the binary hierarchy with the set of child nodes from the original hierarchy that are below it. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. The nested loops join methods ar ? 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. With this choice  , additional search terms with similarity 1 to all the terms in the query get a weight of 1  , additional search terms with similarity O to all the terms in the query get a weight of O. There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. For example  , if a fingertip encounters a ridge  , some specific strategies may be used to determine the size and extent length of the feature . Although uol. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. Word vectors may also be useful for identifying terms that should be the focus of query expansion or terms that would be good expansion terms. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. The difference to other engines is mainly in the search result representation . We use grid search to set the best parameters on the development portion  , and then evaluate all methods on the remaining 90% test portion. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Common similarity metrics used include Pearson correlation 21  , mean squared difference 24  , and vector similarity 5. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. The context o f a search activation is that information which is dependent on the past and present history of the search. Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. , temporal similarity and location-based similarity using different correlation metrics: Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , Spearman's rank correlation coefficient  , and Kendall tau rank correlation coefficient. We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. For many single terms  , temporal significance is implied by their context i.e. In this case simpler controller for velocity tracking can he desioned. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. In this literature  , in this work  , we only use HTML deobfuscation and MIME normalization. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. For this example  , both MDLH-Greedy and MDLH-Dynamic compute sub-optimal solutions. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. *-delimited blocks of the generated regular expressions can be wrapped in optional groups .. ? An aggregate search engine is the same as any other instance of the search engine leaf node except that it handles all incoming search requests. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. We built a very simple web-based interactive search system. As these predictors incorporate free parameters  , we apply a train-test approach to set the values of the parameters. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. Indexing different unambiguous representations we were able to reach the retrieval quality of a chemical structure search using a common Google text search. They use a probabilistic retrieval model which assumes that the user generates the query from an ideal internal representation of a relevant document. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. While CueFlik allows users to quickly find relevant search results and reuse rules for future searches it does not allow users to organise search results or to maintain old search results and carry out new searches  , unlike ViGOR. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . This indicates the higher effectiveness of CLQS in related term identification by leveraging a wide spectrum of resources. Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. In order to minimize experimenter bias during the selection of photos for the Search Task  , we had a computer randomly select the photos from each subject's collection. Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. In a nutshell  , ViGOR is designed to provide facilities for the organisation of a search task into groups to visualise a search task  , re-organisation of search results between groups  , and preservation of valuable search results. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. The results of the explorations can be found in Figure 3. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. Since this is a very simplified example  , the search term given is used for a full text search in the whole OPAC database. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. It differs from previous ones in that it includes a distance component that decays the mutual information between terms when the distance between them increases. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. The softmax distribution has several important properties. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Models & Parameters. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. To evaluate a query  , it first builds a cost model and then decides which optimizations to use  , what order to choose for joining the predicates in rule premises  , and which methods to use for each individual join e.g. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. Therefore  , the only parameter to%e estimated and used as input t ,o the fuzzy controller was the fundamental frequency of the beam. So we adopt a weighting method: The dynamics that these elements define can be modeled by game theory 8 which proposes results based on a solid economical background to understand the actions taken by agents when maximizing their benefit in non-cooperative environments . The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. Search-based techniques emphasize reduced record cost  , thereby their recorded information is typically incomplete for a faithful replay. In short  , incoming depth maps are projected onto a polar grid on the ground and are fused with the integrated and transformed map from the previous frames. by avoiding re-hashing if such information was easily available. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. The results have shown that the use of domain-specific resources for enriching the document representation and for performing a semantic expansion of queries is a suitable approach for improving the effectiveness of CLIR systems. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. 17  and object-oriented approaches e.g. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. LRT D sj tells the influence of translating sj to t k Ds j  in CLIR. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. Section 4 presents our conclusions and future work. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. The all-pairs similarity search problem has been directly addressed by Broder et al. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. Hence  , we first remove all functions and type declarations which are private to the terminal. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. Then E N i ,j  and W i ,j  are initialized Lines 2∼3.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. In this paper we will consider only B-tree indices. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. First we have a search bar where the user can specify a set of search criteria. Egomath is a text-based math search engine on Wikipedia. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. The experimental system presented three different interfaces to the user during interaction  , it comprised a baseline interface that resembled the conventional layout of mainstream search engines  , and only provided a search box and 10 search results in a list format. The third LS is taken from Wilensky's and Phelps article in D-Lib Magazine from July 2000 11. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Given our observations on the combined result  , a natural step for future work would prune further to prevent low quality resources from deteriorating high quality resources. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " Given page p and its candidate query set Sp = {q Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. Notice that with the inner loop involving Step 4-7  , the moving step of the base point ,towards the minimum point increases very fast. Intuitively  , the words in our text collection CO can be classified into two categories 1 background words that are of relatively high frequency in the whole collection. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. The force commands should be sent to actuator through D/A converter modeled by putting the transfer function in Eq. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. The NS query still uses naive Map lookup  , but sorts the physical OIDs before accessing S. When comparing NS with SS  , sorting the flattened R tuples for the Map lookup does not pay off because the Mup is smaller than 2 MB For 1 MB the sort-based plans are out of the range of the curve because for such small memory configurations they need several merge phases. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . Figure 3shows the accuracy on S500 data  , as the trees were grown in the random forest. Table 5and 6 show the corresponding precisions  , recalls and F-measures of the Cost Sensitive classifier based on Random Forest  , which outperformed the other classifiers yielding an 90.32% success in classification for our trained model. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. Patient demography identification task identifies patient's age and gender indicated within the visit. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. Section 3 describes ways to obtain data on software changes and describes a method to estimate effort for a software change. The capability to find time-sequences or subsequences that are " similar " to a given sequence or to be able to find all pairs of similar sequences has several applications  , including  Permiasion to copy without fee all 01 part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made OT distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear   , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the In l  , an indexing structure was proposed for fast similarity searches over time-series databases  , assuming that the data aa well as query sequences were of the same length. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. The danger in the tabular approach is that it opens the search space further  , but the generality is worth the risk. This information can be used for measuring image similarity. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Clearly  , providing individual phone numbers as seed examples would not achieve the desired behavior; the numbers may not even exist in the corpus. Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. Then similarity search can be simply conducted by calculating the Hamming distances between the codes of available data examples and the query and selecting data examples within small Hamming distances. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Figure 3d shows a zoom of the bottom left corner of Figure 3 a  , where Western countries are clustered except Cyprus  , which has 25.3% Muslim population. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. In this paper  , we seek good binary codes for words under the content reuse detection framework. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. In order to perform accurate positioning  , Dudek and Mackenzie 2 composed sonar based maps where explicit model objects were constructed out of sonar reading distribution in space. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. a complex indes stmcture with large pages optimized for IiO which accommodate a secondq search structure optimized for maximum CPU efficiency. Similarly  , in  3    , Ferbach and Barraquand introduce a practical approach to this manipulation planning problem using the method of variational dynamic programming. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. Figure 1 shows an overview of our system. The expression " @regexx " evaluates to true iff x matches the regular expression regex i.e. Now that a nondimensional controller has been designed   , it remains to be seen how this controller will perform in the dimensional domain on actual SFL manipulators . Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. Parsing is doable despite no good delimiter . Taking missing value imputation as an example: missing values can be represented in the raw data in several ways  , then identified as such and coded as NAs. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. UC also includes a utility to scan a portion of the file system specified by the user. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. The task of similar question retrieval implies ranking the pairs contained in the QA Corpora C according to their similarity to a query question q *   , producing a partially ordered set C such that its first element has the highest similarity the top  , say  , ten elements of which can then be returned as suggestions. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. Prior to distribution  , component source code is compiled into binary code formats  , such as .lib  , .dll  , or .class files. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. We analyzed the contribution of the various features to the model by measuring their average rank across the three classifiers   , as provided by the Random Forest. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. , in the case of facial presentation and facial expressions when there is no face detected  , we replace these with the sample mean. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. The ratio of the rotation of the motor t o the input command represents the maqnitude of G a t each frequency. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. For each window size seven  , 15  , 30  day  , we calculated the average role composition of each forum and measured the Pearson correlation between each pair of vectors and recorded the significance values. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. Our thesaurus based CLIR approach seeks to overcome both problems  , allowing free-text user queries and considering the free-text portions of documents during retrieval. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. A mergesort involves two phases: sorting phase and merge phase. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. , keeping all incomplete PTs that are likely to yield an opiimal solution. For inference 17 use Variational EM. Since the amount of data is known at the start of the merge step  , the sort is able to allocate exactly the amount of memory needed. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. We show that we can calculate the transfer function using the max-plus approach  , which seems to be more useful for large systems. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. Computing DO and HSA on the PLTM model we achieve a relative speed improvement of 5.12 times over MAP. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Such feature can be Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. Setup. Although there are many formats  , which describe surface models  , in this paper Object file of Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer is adopted. Two propositions are considered equivalent if they have the same verb  , the same roles and the same head-noun for each role. Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. Searching for a similar title and/or similar subtitles in the compared Web site. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. Glance 12 thus uses the overlap of result URLs as the similarity measure instead of the document content. , German are projected into the target language English by the CLIR approach explained in Section 3. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. This involves collecting the data from the streaming API without any search terms  , thereby receiving a random selection. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. This is accomplished as follows. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. Experimental results are discussed in Section 4 and conclusion is made in Section 5. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. , with the ranks used in place of scores. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. In this section we give a brief survey of several developments in both of these directions   , highlighting interesting connections between the two. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. We scrutinized the cases when external knowledge did not improve query classification  , and identified three main causes for such lack of improvement. Now let where 8 is a small positive number. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. This results in decreased precision. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. Sessions start with a search engine query followed by a click on a search engine result. The The similarity degree between two patterns is calculated using the cosine similarity function that measures the angle between participating vectors. Mezaris et al. Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. In our previous work 2  , we presented a search engine architecture for an efficient Terabyte search engine. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. If the impact is less significant  , then the difference between the original and re-test result may be not so noticeable  , as shown in the Page Blocks dataset. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. As was discussed earlier  , in order use the model to generalize from labeled to unlabeled date e.g. One approach to achieving this is to defer merging until after retrieval has taken place and fuse document rankings instead. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR systems seek to identify pertinent information in a collection of documents containing material in languages other than the one in which the user articulated her query. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. XSPARQL extends XQuery by two additional grammar expressions: the SparqlForClause to use SPARQL's graph pattern matching facility including operators  , and the ConstructClause to allow straightforward creation of RDF graphs. The paper is organized as follows. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . Here  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning 20. sort-merge. From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. A path expression of type s  , d  , P Es  , d  , is a triple s  , d  , R  , where R is a regular expression over the set of labeled edges Γ ,EG defined using the standard operators union∪  , concatenation and closure *  such that the language LR of R represents paths from s to d where s  , d ∈ VG. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. There is no published empirical proof that the programming technique of systematic software reuse reduces program development time  , duration  , cost  , skill-requirements  , or defect-density on any practicalscale project &lo  , 11 ,211. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. Most importantly  , a GA embedded search based dynamic scheduling strategy is proposed to produce a feasible and near-optimal schedule to resolve the conventional problem with exponential growth of search time vs. the problem size. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. Z is the regulated outputs which are controlled or regulated. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. In order to achieve the desired search objective at the required resolution i.e. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. The contradictions identified from this study can inform the development of discovery platforms for multilingual content. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. In order to find a winning path  , it suffices to build the graph G and to perform breadth-first search beginning at a start and ending at a goal vertex. The idea of dynamic programming has been used in find the optimal path of a vehicle on a terrain by including the consideration of forhidden region and the slope. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. Hence  , each free variable is set 2 and then the function INITIALIZEGLOBALS is called. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. If the heuristic is misleading then  , at some point  , every successor is worse than the current node. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. We review some key threads: 23  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 20. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. Bing search engine. They form the ranking function candidate pool. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. This heuristic then guides an A* search  , which takes place directly on the prophet graph. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. The motivation stems from the observation that the past frequency of requests is not always strongly correlated with their future frequency  , especially in the case of infrequent requests 7. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. Therefore  , the length of the LSTM for TDSSDM is 14. function based on this metric to zero. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. In the second step  , COR computes the accurate visibilities for objects   , as well as the tightest visibility upper bounds for IR-tree nodes. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Some major robotics motivations for the study of the path planning problem are the paramount importance of efficient motion planners in the realization of highly autonomous robots and in the applications of robots in manufacturing  , space exploration and environment hazard cleaningup. An element definition specifies a pair consisting of an element name and a constraint. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. Ongoing research includes word sense disambiguation  , phrasal translation and thesauri enrichment. The total number of randomly inserted citations in the full dataset reached almost 4.3 million. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. Future work is to experiment with other heuristics like the Dubins car model. Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. , museums  , landmarks  , and galleries. In Model 2  , probability of relevance is interpreted relative to a subset of document properties. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. In both cases  , if the policy exploration is not adequate  , some regions of the policy may be incorrect. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . We submitted results on both topic distillation and home page/named page finding tasks. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer  , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . Anchor text is an alternative data source for query reformulation . , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. The example below is an excerpt from 27 which has been modified to yield an unstable nominal system. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Fig. below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. DBGD is stopped automatically after 40 ,000 iterations  , or if no improvement has been found after 20 random pertubations. Variations give rise to ambiguity in the data  , and typically result in false negatives. System overview. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. While modeling languages are basically notations for concurrent/extended finite-state machines  , programming languages are much more expressive and complex since they support procedures  , recursion  , dynamic data structures of various shapes and sizes  , pointers  , etc. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. Selective search uses topical shards that are likely to differ in access rate. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. We start from a theoretical model based on Game Theory   , which builds on a few assumptions and leads us to our first result  , linking TCT with inclination to risk. the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. Another approach to generate more training data is to automatically convert RDF triples to questions using entity and predicate names 10. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. More will be said about this later. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. Therefore  , if we focus our attention only to this set of pages  , their relative popularity evolution will be similar to what our search-dominant model predicts. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. When a radius is defined  , as in DBSCAN  , or some related parameter   , a particular view is being set that has an equivalence to viewing a density plot with a microscope or telescope at a certain magnification. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. , query expansion on both the original and the translated queries  , are effective in improving CLIR performance. We study user interaction with a search assistance tool we refer to as the search guide SG. We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. IICHI optimal. : the featurê y j must first be transformed into the coordinate frame of the i th keyframe of camera k  , i.e. Section 7 concludes this paper. This equation shows that the contact torque is affected not only by the reference torque but also by the motion of the environment. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. ads that do not appear in search sessions. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. Statistical t-test 13 is conducted to indicate whether the CLQS-based CLIR performs significantly better. The following discrete time equation expresses the repetitive compensation: Minkov et al. Also the abbreviated naming of entities by using their functional groups only contributes to the false retriev- als. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Some LOs may require prerequisites. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. The random determination of step size allows discontinuous jumps in the parameter interval  , and then golden section is used to control the search direction. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. For example  , when the added latency was 750ms  , the likelihood of participants to feel the added latency was not different than random in case of SE slow   , but they were able to notice the added latency with much higher likelihood around 0.82 probability in case of SE fast . Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. In conclusion  , the TBD problem for the satellite docking operation is characterized by: a very large search space a high computation cost for evaluating the fitness of a a very small fraction of feasible designs a small probability of reaching these feasible designs through statistical hill-climbing. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. In Section 2.2  , we propose to use SV M struct for sequence active learning. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. In the case of folding  , the original ranking is respected by preferring higher ranked items as representatives over lower ranked items. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. The procedural model is fast  , robust  , and easy to maintain. The sheer number of both good and bad pages on the Web has led to an increasing reliance on search engines for the discovery of useful information. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . The LDC assessors judged each document in the pools using binary relevant/not relevant assessments. The breadth-first search is begun simultaneously at all these locations. Overlaid on the video  , the observers could see a curve displaying their recent evaluation history See Figure 2-Bottom. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. Here we use breadth-first search. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. The conventional approach to supporting similarity search in high-dimensional vector space can be broadly classified into two categories. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . Organization: We discuss related work in Section 2. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. Scaling up this approach to manage change in large systems written in complex programming languages is still an open research problem. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. The typing rules should be improved to deal with precise type expressions as in the previous version of the  With the improvement  , the function body is well- typed. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. Thus  , if there is no other option  , M&M may choose to ignore its disk queue length limiting heuristic. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. The search site speed was controlled by using either a search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . Connecting attackers: During the eight weeks of our honeypot experiment  , we received 690 attempts to access the URLs of hosted shells  , from 71 unique IP addresses  , located in 17 countries with the top three being Turkey  , USA  , and Germany. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . However  , when the attribute vectors that describe objects are in very high dimensional space  , these supervised ordering methods are degraded in prediction performance . Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. To ensure the significance of our results  , all results shown are the average of a 10 times cross-folding methodology. , * arg max Pr |  Williams 1988   , for example  , illustrates how JSD could be defined as a regular expression see  , Figure 9b. For the high-dimensional cases we developed a general method for NMP  , that we call the method of Progressive Constraints PC. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. Comparing the obtained results between the three datasets  , we can notice that our approach in SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets achieves similar performance when reducing the percentage of shared classes. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. Teleport 62 proved to be the most thorough of a group of crawlers that included WebSphinx 38  , Larbin 56  , and Web-Glimpse 35. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. The system is governed by a second-order differential equation and has the transfer function log W/Wn When a force sensor is inserted at the wrist of a robot Fig. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. We allow seoping using two functions. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. In this work we have explored a machine learning technique namely deep learning with SAE to learn and represent weather features and use them to predict extreme rainfall events. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. In many cases  , the presence of trivial modifications make such detection difficult  , since a simple equality test no longer suffices. We have demonstrated how to model the score distributions of a number of text search engines. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. At search time  , the given ER query is matched in the graph and set as starting node see Section 3. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. Event expressions have the same expressive power as regular expressions. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. To this end  , we matricize X in Mode 1 to generate matrix X 1 ∈ R u×lat . 256 colors in image databases . Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. The queries in classes 7 and 8 can be implemented by the SFEU by combining the results of basic pattern matching. However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. This behavior indicates that selective search is more stable at the top of the ranking. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive However  , the user of a CLIR system may be bilingual to some extent. The last quantity is the probability that a candidate entity is the related entity given passage   , and query . We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. In this section  , the È ØØÓÐÐÐÔ×× operation introduced in Section 3.2.1 is trivially generalized to collapse every path in a set of paths. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . That will establish a lower bound on the performance of our system if it had direct access to the linguistic knowledge in the MT system. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. The organization of this paper is described as follows . a known-item search task  , or find key resource pages for broad topics  , and terabyte retrieval ad hoc search on terabyte scales. , through memoization 42. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. This paper has focused on the I4 project's sKDD subsystem. Some search engines try to improve the quality of search results by analysing the link structure of web resources. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. 7is obtained  , where Tis a certain transfer function. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. where H is the set of search result positions the user hovered over  , and V is the set of all search results shown when the user scrolled. Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. they is not limited to a specific search engine or search method. Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . In a very recent work 4  , the author proposed a topic dependent method for sentiment retrieval  , which assumed that a sentence was generated from a probabilistic model consisting of both a topic language model and a sentiment language model. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Once the optimal parameters are obtained by the discriminative training procedure introduced above  , the final top-K corrections can be directly computed  , avoiding the need for a separate stage of candidate re-ranking. Results are presented in Figure  12. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. A value of 1.65 R was found  , as compared to the datasheet value of 1.33 Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. There are three blocks or categories: digitized value: Dig  , digitized and born-digital value: Dig  , B-d  , and born-digital value: B-d. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. On the other hand  , however  , no-one will contest that a small! A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. Folding such displays lets users more quickly navigate such structure  , which is particularly useful for large hierarchies. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Each user presumably has an intrinsic search intent before submitting a query. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. Unfortunately  , many Web users are still unaware of these high quality vertical search resources. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. In fact  , dictionary is a carrier of knowledge expression and storage  , which involves almost all information about vocabulary  , namely static information. Moreover  , this sort-merge-join operates on a document basis. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. Building on prior DIR research we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a unified probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. To correct this effect  , we further issued a random sample of 118 queries to Google's search engine with site restriction to Yahoo! The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. Finally  , consider the two major approaches to qitcry optimization for regular databases. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. Assume we have a stream of queries submitted to a search engine. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. To quantify the effects on IR performance due to the merge methods used as well as the effects due to eliminating the natural corpus structure defined by web domains by dividing the corpus arbitrarily with respect to the document content at index-time  , the mean values of the MAP taken over the merged resultsets from 149 automatically extracted queries applied to the domain partition and the randomized domain partition are recorded in Table 5. The 2003 results were hindered by the limited development time  , which meant regular expressions were only created for a small subset of question types. The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. This model would also include elicitation between user and IR system throughout a search interaction -including the presearching and searching stage. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. We also observe that training can improve the prediction performance for short observation windows T < 24 hours  , and that the model with training provides accurate predictions  , even for very short observation windows   , such as T = 1 hour. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. The S-PLSA model can be trained in a batch manner on a collection of reviews  , and then be applied to analyze others. Recall that some of the baselines e.g. The model transfer function SM mapping from V m to ufl so as to shape the environment compliance reflected to the local site is chosen as follows: Thus where 2 1   , =  Kum  Since no distinction has been made between free motion and constrained motion  , the controller Ku has designed so as to track vs to w  , in advance. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Each participant was asked to complete four search tasks that were designed to differ in complexity within-subject design. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. R* search 13 is a randomized version of A* search that aims to circumvent local minima by generating random successors for a state  , and then solving a series of short-range local planning problems on demand. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. In this paper  , we employ a new Q-learning method  , termed DFQL  , to facilitate real-time dynamic learning and control of mobile robots. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. We have shown in 21  that 5-and 7-term LSs perform best  , depending on whether the focus is on obtaining the best mean rank or the highest percentage of top ranked URIs. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. The results coincide with those of other  , similar studies SwaSl. , on tens of thousands of questiondocument pairs. However  , given the rapid growth in Web usage  , it is now possible to leverage the collective browsing behavior of many users as an improvement over random or directed traversals of the Web graph. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. For two variables X and Y   , ρ is calculated as Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. The ranking function is given as There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. memory-based and model-based. Merobase is also accompanied by an Eclipse plug-in called CodeConjurer  that makes the search functionality available within the widely used Eclipse development environment 4. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. 28 built two bipartite graphs by leveraging both click and skip information from query logs and used an optimal random walk and combination model to determine query correlations. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Table 3 shows that the PLSAbased techniques substantially outperform the Marginal and Query baselines  , and the full PLSA model outperforms its simpler versions. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . In Figure 5b  , we also see that the topic propagates smoothly between adjacent states. This NBD-based similarity was calculated as 1 − NWDx  , y  , with NWDx  , y calculated as specified in Definition 2  , using the Microsoft Bing Search API 4 as a search engine. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. result abstracts at lower ranks. An algebra A is presented that combines the problems of finding the three kinds of data flow anomalies. To rank the relevance  , we use the learning to rank technique  , which was successfully used in TREC 2011&2012 Microblog Track. Subjects' search experience was measured using a modified version of the Search Self-Efficacy scale 9 . However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. , resource content  , RDF graph structure  , schema information to answer keyword queries with a set of diverse results. Approximately 40% of each cycle is spent in the water  , 50% in the air  , and 10% retracting from the water. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . RQ2 is designed to answer the question. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. In this section we introduce and discuss the results we obtained during the evaluation of the above mentioned predictors . We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. 4 to be 0.0019 and the optimum path of states for this observation sequence is {FD  , WQ  , WQ  , CS  , FD  , FD  , FD} with probability 1.59exp-5. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. One problem with using R-square as a measure of goodness of fitting is that it never decreases in that it adds more regressors. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Solving this exactly is only possible for very small test collections. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. hill there may exist a better solution. We call the proposed model the S-PLSA + model  , in which the parameters are estimated by maximizing an approximate posterior distribution. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. Figures 6 and 7 show that with 10 MIPS CPU  , these queries using the sort-merge join method are I/O bound. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . In Figure 4we showed the slopes ρ of the OR fitting for the IEDs of all individuals of our datasets. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. In addition  , in all phases of the maneuver  , the aircraft can benefit from the increased controllability offered by its wings without suffering significantly from increased drag. Our prototype planner is a simple attempt to meet these goals. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The probability of document d l generated by relevant class is defined as the multinomial distribution: To illustrate this  , suppose that the merge phase of an external sort started with IO runs and I I buffers  , which allowed all runs to be merged at once as in Figure 2a. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Choice of programming language In order to facilitate our programmers   , we needed a language familiar to participants—otherwise the time required to teach and learn it would consume most of the experiment time. Then  , we calculate the macro-average value for each unique pair of queries across all search sessions. The figure of merit FOM for a route i s calculated from the cost matrix by dynamic programming. This API provides a " search site " option. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. This technique allows us to index the time series in order to achieve fast similarity search under uniform scaling. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Then  , it holds from the well known ztransform of a continuous system with a zero order hold that: Let H  z  be the discrete transfer function of the VCMD. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. To detect both known and unknown viruses effectively and accurately  , we must be able to combat viruses that are capable of self-encryption and polymorphism. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function The first heuristic called " search-near-goal " drives to the parking space that is closest to the target location and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion . In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. Origin pages are the search results that start a search trail. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . The objective of feature fusion is to combine multiple features at an early stage to construct a single model. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. Moreover  , kinaesthetic teaching intrinsically solves the correspondence problem  , as the robot learns in its own joints space. The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. 22  study a number of heuristics for landmark selection   , and report a centrality-based heuristic to work best across their experiments. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. Every inconsistently judged duplicate can be seen as a random element within the set of relevance judgments  , and will have the same value as random data when used in evaluation. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. In this work  , a significant pattern is obtained from the matching of a pair of sequences. This situation is very similar to some cases observed in TREC5&6  , where we encountered the terms such as " most-favor nation "  This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. , 3 similar to ours in which the score of every location in the document of the search term contributes differently to the document similarity. Optionally  , an optimization procedure could be used to place a new document in the map preserving the ratios of its distances to all anchor documents as much as possible with respect to the distances in the original vector space. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. We participated in the 1999 TREC-8 ad hoc text retrieval evalu- ation 8. BSW97  presents an approach for bulk-loading multi-dimensional index structures  , e.g. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. In addition to methods discussed in this paper — frequent sets  , ICA  , NMF and PLSA — there are others suitable for binary observations . So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. This indicates that the proposed approach indeed improves the quality of academic search. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. The dotted line shows the average of 50 learning curves where no pretraining on the original reward function had occurred. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. Finally  , there is growing concern about the fact that the world is dependent on a few quasi-monopolistic search engines. III tht: current implementation for join with hash-basetl delta access  , sort-when is used to sort R azq impacttad by @  , R , and S as impacted by Si ,Si  , and then 8~ binary merge is used to create the join. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. 16 study how to estimate selectivity of fuzzy string predicates. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. For example  , a pattern of a 'term' type is a set of unigrams that make up a phrase  , such as {support  , vector  , machine} or 'support vector machine' for simpler notation. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. A bounded sensor observation  , instead of lending statistical weight to some parameter vector  , constrains the parameters to a set. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. First  , we need a basic assumption of what the distributions will look like. The former group of methods can be divided into those that exploit query co-occurrences in the search logs  , and those that leverage the document click information such as random walks over query-document bipartite graphs. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. It then receives the results of the simulation and creates a final cost to be passed back to the BG module based on rules for combining the output of the individual KD overlays. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. The second optimization is the pattern inclusion. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. Another improvement is to use information contained in manual tests to further guide the search for fault-revealing inputs. The meet-over-all-valid-paths solution MVP n for a CFG node n describes the variable values immediately before the execution of n. This solution is defined as We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. If the number of runs is small  , we attempt to allocate enough memory to complete the sort with a single merge step. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. robot path PhMing. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Similar to that of a traditional search engine  , a user submits a query consisting of keywords to the system. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. This model is primarily concerned with the two important problems of query expansion   , namely with the selection and with the weighting of additional search terms. goal-directed invocation. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: CLIR performance observed for this query set. Specifically  , Fig- ure 1shows that the cost of a random read is only about two times of a sequential read in SSD. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. A new technique called Parallel Collection Frequency Weighting PCFW is also presented along with an implementation of document expansion using the parallel corpus within the framework of the Probabilistic Model. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. , x k  only if there are exactly two non-leaf nodes x i   , x j . Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Substituted search keys require less space than an encrypted search key. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. Moving between the two activities may be awkward or disorienting  , making it difficult to maintain a sense of direction of focus. Another liked the " very diverse search criteria and browsing styles. " where c i c k means that c i is related to c k through a subsumption relationship. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. It is customary to abstract DTDs by sets of rules of the form a → r where a is an element and r is a regular expression over the alphabet of elements. is implemented as a rule-based system. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. A lower perplexity score indicates better performance. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. The second one is PLSA based methods. Roughly speaking  , overall classification accuracy climbs up to 80.15% when all features are adopted. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. We also demonstrate how TNG can help improve retrieval performance in standard ad-hoc retrieval tasks on TREC collections over its two special-case n-gram based topic models. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. In Section 5 we test the performance of our model on the cross-language retrieval task of TREC9  , and compare our performance with results reported by other researchers. Given an event expression  , E  , we now show how to build an automaton Ms. These properties make it the ideal search strategy in an interactive CLIR environment. Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Finally  , GANS87 does not describe tactics that mix joins and outerjoins  , as we do. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. 2 investigate two facets of search tasks: product and goal. So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. pressive language. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. Vector construction. The instructions were not in a natural-language format. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. For example  , assume that we want to check whether machine A can be in on in a stable state. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. Moreover  , correlations between queries and collections are extracted over the grouplevel profiles  , based on frequency measures  , while some additional statistics are computed to quantify secondary user actions  , such as selection of Advanced Search Fields  , Collection Themes  , etc. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. As a dynamic weaklytyped language  , JavaScript is easy to understand and write with minimal programming experience. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. When features could not be extracted i.e. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . It is only if the cluster's space is covered by more than one plan  , that there will be an error in prediction because all the queries mapping to this cluster will be assigned the plan associated with the query leader. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. 20 studied different crawling strategies and their impact on page quality. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. However  , the application is completely different. The Stream Set data is extracted from the streaming API using a method based on 2. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. McCarley found that merging ranked lists generated using query translation and document translation yielded improved mean average precision over that achieved by either approach alone 11  , which suggests that bidirectional techniques are worth exploring . In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. For OODAPLEX  , we had developed an algebra  , OOAlgebra   , as the target language for query compilation DAYA89 .  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to generally study selection bias to improve the effectiveness of learning-to-rank models. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. Search queries are then accelerated by using that structure. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. For the performance measure we used the Rand Statistic 8  , which measure the agreement between two sets of clusters X and Y for the same set of n objects as: Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. 1 and Spearmans ρ distance to sort all the objects with respect to an arbitrary query object we obtain the same sequence in inverse order  , as Figure 1b shows. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. The MCMC technique iteratively produces successive samples containing border points from the previously identified borders. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity. Some What questions are classified by pattern matching and  , for the rest of questions  , the question focus is used to classify the questions. Without relevant information  , term weighting function2  , was simplified to IDF-like function. Similar to 171  , in order for the control method to be effective  , the ANN learning rate  , and the error coefficients Q  , R  , and S must be carefully tuned. The advantage of this calculation is its efficiency  , compared to that of WM1. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. In the previous section  , we studied the popularity evolution of a page when users discover pages purely based on random surfing. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. The motion of the hand controller end-point in response to imposed forces f is caused by either structural compliance in the hand controller or by the compliance of the positioning controller. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . If a term occurs more than once  , it is given a value of one for the binary indecendence model. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. Users often visit online forums and search using the functionality provided on these web sites. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. For each item participants were given a brief summary and asked to provide up to five search queries to search for similar items. Admissible heuristic function guarantees to find optimal solutions  , that means the cheapest 1 path from start to goal node if the path exists. The type system was designed for an applied lambda calculus with string concatenation   , and it was not discussed how to deal with string operations other than concatenation. An invariant fitting theorem which works for algebraic curves of any degree was introduced. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. As will be discussed in III. D  , this allows us to limit the bandwidth of our controller to be below the natural frequencies of the catheter itself. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. Second  , there is a difference in the model to be discovered. The means bj of the ad groups in a campaign k are themselves drawn from a normal distribution with mean b k   , and the campaign means are normal with mean b h : Participants could identify interesting pages in one of two ways. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. Given f K   , x K   , and θ K   , the value of a K can be found analytically with a single Newton step for each class. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. After the first stage of pLSA learning  , a document di can be described in terms of semantic features P z k |di as well as word features ndi  , wj. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program  , while the Trels-based measures tScore  , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels  , manually created by us  , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Features based on selected subsequences substrings in names and partial formulae in formulae should be used as tokens for search and ranking. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. Next  , the first and second phases must be modified to generate alternative plans with Cache operators. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. Bridges hold object faces together during fabrication and reduce the number of release cuts required. , 1975. For each of these environments  , a robot faces with several strategies that are Aggregation  , Random search  , Dispersion  , and Homing. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Many-to-Many transforms help to tackle higher-order schematic heterogeneities 18 where information is stored partly in data values  , and partly in the schema  , as shown in Figure 8. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. The effects described above  , and many more  , can be modeled by a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF 15. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function:  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. 7b shows that a higher dose of 18-αGA inhibitor resulted in significantly shorter dye transfer distances. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. We used strongly typed genetic programming by embedding meta data with RDFa. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. We used the modified Apte  " ModApte "  split  , which divides the collection into 9  , 603 training documents ; 3  , 299 test documents; and 8  , 676 unused documents. However  , space precludes an explanation here. Many command arguments are names of files. A search set is the set of document records found at evaluation of a search expression. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. * to handle dynamic inputs. The Stack Overflow API is one of the search APIs used in their work  , and their approach captures the context in a similar fashion to the work by Cordeiro et al. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. We envision search engines that can timely detect and efficiently propagate trending search content i.e. ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. , a group of people who use a special-interest Web portal or work together could enhance search. Although a few database visualization tools can support certain data exploration  , they are tailored to particular domains e.g. A survey can be found in 3. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. We design an initialization strategy to balance the above two approaches. precision 72.0%  , As shown  , 80% of the correct equivalents are within the set of four highest ranked words. The performance of the AI approaches depends on how much problem-specific knowledge is acquired and to what extent expert knowledge is available for a specific problem. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. From feature perspective  , the user profile features age  , income  , education level  , height  , weight  , location  , photo count  , etc. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. We illustrate our second example within I-Share  , Illinois' statewide integrated academic and research library system. We hope to speed up the current method with the current hardware configuration. This can be perceived from results already. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. When a temporal constraint is empty  , ordering will be implied by the actual position of the associated predicate in the query sequence. This problem is generic to any method attempting to solve this problem and is not a reflection of the proposed system. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. outliers are at that moment ignored. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. it computes clusters giving each dimension equal weights. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. For user-based systems 9   , the similarity between all pairs of users is computed based on their ratings on associated items using some selected similarity measurement such as cosine similarity or Pearson correlation . While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. They utilized the users' search queries triggered by a page to learn a model for estimating the search intents. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. The user's query and his background knowledge are denoted Q and BK respectively . The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. A model that optimizes for the log-likelihood or perplexity score risks over-fitting the parameters to these noisy tweets. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. Instead  , it works on off-the-shelf legacy applications and readily-available testcases . These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . The Match operator finds approximate matches to a query string. A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. , the error in motor position is small and is quickly removed. It should be pointed out that some operations sequences are non-regular in the sense that they cannot be specified by regular expres- sions. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. This plan must be prepared jointly by the computer systems engineers and the eventual user of the system. c. General search strategy. The optimizer should also treat the optimization time as a critical resource. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. , they do not include query optimization overhead. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. If p is a border object  , no objects are density-reachablefromp and p is assigned to the noise. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. DBSCAN does not require the number of clusters as an input parameter. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. In this approach  , we investigated the following three problems: 1 word/term disambiguation using co-occurrence  , 2 phrase detecting using a statistical language model  , and The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. This category includes the Pearson-correlation coefficient approach 2 and the vector space similarity approach 1. Then  , further simulations were performed. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. Usually  , the overall popularity of a resource is used for ranking search results. Since the fp-8192 descriptors were also generated by enumerating paths of length up to seven and also cycles  , the performance difference suggests that the folding that takes place due to the fingerprint's hashing approach negatively impacts the classification performance. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. Also  , the content equivalence condition appears to be too strong as it fails to merge nonterminals whose right parts are instances of one regular expression. The idea behind the proposed methodology is to exploit structural similarities observed among the different monolingual projections computed with MDS to identify possible correspondences among new multilingual documents. In contrast  , the population of STEM instructors in our focus groups included non-users or potential users from a variety of colleges and universities who were not necessarily innovators. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. RQ6 b. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. Each single dimensional optimization problem is solved using a simple line search. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. The path is computed using dynamic programming with a cost function that is proportional to path lengthes and to the potential along the paths. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. As a result  , suggestions provided by task-based methods can be treated as complementary to results from session-based and random walk approaches. Furthermore  , it provides the aforementioned local shape representation. The same assumption is made for grouping constraint and output aggregate function. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. Let S = M  , P  , C be an ec-schema. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. We treat merge joins as three different operations. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. cluding all search portal events from a search session  , if there is a search event immediately after a browse event  , we call the tuple {URL  , query} a " browse → search " pattern where URL is the page visited in the browse event and query is extracted from the search event. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. It is of the following form: ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. We wanted to determine whether it was possible to automatically induce a hierarchical tag structure that corresponded to the way in which a human would perform this task. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. Responsible digital curation is much more than preservation of bits. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. This suggests that it is possible to derive transfer functions in the frequency domain describing the dynamics of the system . , relational operators such as JOINs with arbitrary predicates without compromising confidentiality. In particular  , we use the L2 i.e. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities.   , we must compute the best recovery action. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. This subsection presents the data preparation  , label set and performance metrics. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. Therefore  , the true bandwidth of the system will depend on the servo valve characteristics. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. , the aforementioned Stack Reverse. Thus the forward kinematics  , given the actuator states  , is not necessarily a unique mapping. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. The use of keywords limits the search to files that might be relevant. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. Conventional applications of GA- Fuzzy suggest a random initial popultion. We describe this operator within the context of web querying  , and illustrate it for querying the DBLP Bibliography and the ACM SIGMOD Anthology. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Furthermore we could show that it is possible to predict the expected action based on our spatial features whereby we found that the distance measures are the most influential values. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . The only difference is that the user has the option of creating a text search within a particular node. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. To take one example  , consider the path from &movies through &Star Wars IV to the misspelled value Bruce Wilis. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. We remove repeated occurrences of the same input vector and assign the most common label for this input vector to the occurrence that we leave in the training set. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. The non-overlapping modules corresponding to the initial configuration lie inside the loop while those corresponding to the final Configuration lie outside the loop. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. Unique angles in TREC-6 include document translation based CLIR 19  explored by the University of Maryland using the LO- GOS system. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. When the user touches a document on the desk the system detects the touch via the thermo-camera and then the upper layer document is virtually transparentized by projection. – Example Search Terms: " Metallica " – Description: A user wants to search Flickr for images relating to a specific music artist. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . In an experiment on QALD-3 DBpedia questions  , the median query construction time was 30 s  , the maximum time was 109 s  , and only one question led to a timeout. 2 reported that hubness emerges because k-NNs are computed in high dimensional spaces. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. There exist two large classes of the SBD systems: rule based and machine learning. Definition 4.1 Pareto optimality: assume that n criteria with scalar values are to be minimized  , an objective vector z * is Pareto optimal if there does not exist another objective , Google with song  , album and artist names. Typically  , authoring a document takes less than a week in calendar time. We believe that much future work can be done. the input threshold. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. First  , there is an exponential number of subgraphs to examine in the model graph database  , most of which are not contrastive at all. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. 3d. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. Based on these results  , we can conclude that any strongly connected sub-graph in the punctuation graph for the query could serve as a building block for constructing safe plans. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. Recently  , search personalisation has attracted increasing attention 1  , 3  , 5  , 8  , 9. Table 4  , and for project " Ivy v1.4 "   , the top four supervised classifiers experience a downgraded performance when changing from a crossproject setting to a within-project setting. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. These include the categorization of content instances along given taxonomies  , the creation of taxonomies from given content attribute values  , and the extension of taxonomies by generating more general terms. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 27 on the space of matrix elements. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. one searcher had two search sessions are defined and used in this paper as a user session. Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. Successful repairs were generated for each program. Figure 2: Query to find cities connected by sequences of flights with at most two airlines. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. Likewise a domain can accept all strings by default  , but parameterize itself by inferring a regular expression that matches the subcomponent values. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. Let T2 be the set of Kendall-τ scores for various subset sizes calculated when the evaluation metric is different from the metric used for query selection – the selection metric. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. An electrically driven axis is essentially a fixed device i.e. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. common search strategies involve different features inventors  , owners  , classes  , references  , whose weights need to be balanced ? Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. To achieve this  , we develop ranking functions that are based on Probabilistic Information Retrieval PIR ranking models. Practical compensators can seldom succeed in such cases. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. We discuss three issues in this section. The initial interface layout was based on proposed scenarios 2. " The distribution is of the form , Google image search  , Microsoft Bing image search  , and Yahoo! The model has a strong bias to put movies with a large number of observations at the extremes of the ranking. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. From the previous work on active learning 7 18  , measurement of uncertainty has played an important role in selecting the most valuable examples from a pool of unlabeled data. For example  , Xiang et al. A sample rated aspect summarization of one of the sellers is shown in Table 2 . The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. We can appreciate the high correlation of the curves  , which corresponds to a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.864. , ridge regularization method 12. All runs are compared to pLSA. The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. Retrieval effectiveness is commonly measured using either average precision across a series of recall values or at a fixed rank. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. In one experiment with ii queries expressed as ordinary English Questions directed at a collection of 1200 messages  , METER retrieved about seventy percent of relevant messages  , with "retrieved" meaning that a message was in the top 30 returned for a query according to estimated relevance . Daffodil also allows users to order search result sets in unorthodox ways – e.g. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. Dataset. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. This is a fundamental task in consumer product search engines like Yahoo! The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. This paper investigates the performance of support vector machine for Australian forex forecasting in terms of kernel type and sensitivity of free parameters selection. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. The noise covariance matrix Q can be also learned by off-line tuning. 23 is one of a classic heuristic searching method. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. In this paper  , we take an approach of normalizing entity names based on " token level " regular expressions. 6 below is the transfer function of a velocity response model. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Triple Pattern Matching. , 19  , 26  , 33. Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. We extend this approach by an additional step; we refer to the learning-to-rank model which is trained across all queries Q1  , ..  , Q k  as the initial retrieval model M0 and the induced ranking for the test query as initial ranking. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. All queries within a search session were assigned the same classification. Higher primates  , including humans  , exhibit a space-variant pattern in which the highest resolution is concentrated in the center of the field of view  , called the fovea  , with uniformly decreasing resolution to the periphery of the field of view. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. Compared to the dictionary-based translation  , a full-scale machine translation system has the advantage in that it can reduce the translation ambiguity of a query using the context information. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Soft time windows are used  , and K late = 50  , meaning every minute a delivery is late adds 50 units to the cost function. It propagates the reward backward only one step. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. Function recParam in Fig. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. , through the web browser or a dedicated search application  , without sending a request to the search engine. The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. CAD e.g. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. To maintain this search time for a larger database will require multiple search units each with its own disc. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. This is a content-aware model  , which is able to predict unobserved prefix-query pairs. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " , two black-white images contain smiling and sad faces respectively. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. It chooses document xi with prob- ability To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. In contrast  , implementations on PLSA discuss 50 ,000 by 8 ,000 term-doc matrices  , and execute in about half an hour1. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. 2 As for coverage  , SNRS has a stable performance of around 0.7. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. Siena is an event notification architecture . Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. Teleporting is a search strategy where the user tries to jump directly to the information target  , e. g.  , the query 'phone number of the DFKI KM-Group secretary' delivers the document which contains the wanted phone number 23. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. This means despite the fact that some search features were perceived as more or less useful for certain search tasks  , this trend was not apparent for all search tasks. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. As mentioned in Section 1  , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information  , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. When the precision at N   , where N is the rank of the current document  , drops below 0.5 or when 2 contiguous non-relevant documents have been encountered  , the user applies content-similarity search to the first relevant document in the queue. Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. , similarity search. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. Chen Chen et al. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. Search logs are usually organized in the form of search sessions. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. A search set also has a serial number and a search expression. Below  , we vary this bound and see how it influences the correlation between o✏ine metrics and interleaving. Who produced the most films ? As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. By means of the translation method in 3  , one can easily express any regular path expression in XQuery. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. three-dimensional  , eight degree of freedom model was studied by Yamaguchi and Zajac. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. If speed is paid too much attention  , GA might be trapped in local minimal. , kill_parens to remove parenthesized expressions. First  , in all cases but threeG AN on topics 1-50  , G N on topic 51-100  , and G C on 101-150  , the differences between pLSA and LapPLSA are significant with a p-value < 0.05. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. Let us consider " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " in Figure 2. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . In this paper we can only show path snapshots; movies can be found at http://www .cs.tamu.edu/faculty/amato/dsmft. Intent generation and ranking. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . quasi-Newton method. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. Note that we can use different feature sets for different query topics by using this method  , but for simplicity  , we didn't try it in this work. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. , search queries and corresponding search results to users' mobile devices to enable a realtime search experience at a lower cost for the datacenter. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. That is  , first  , the open loop transfer function G , ,Note that the travel  , traverse  , and hoist motions of the crane can be independently controlled using the position servo controller 15. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. These rules handle match statements. As Figure 10 shows  , once a page starts to get noticed by Web users  , its popularity can jump almost immediately as long as the page is of high quality. The question type is identified for a group of question cue phrases. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. 11 asked users to re-rate a set of movies they had rated six weeks earlier  , and found that the Pearson ¥ correlation between the ratings was 0.83.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Essentially  , these modifications inject item-item relationships into the user-user model. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. Obviously with 900 megabytes or more of buffer pool space  , a DBMS will keep large portions of data base objects in main memory. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. Bridged by social annotation  , we can compute the similarity between a query and a VSE. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. On the other hand  , optimizing a query into a single plan at compilation time may result in a substantially suboptimal plan if the actual parameter values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. In some cases  , where the density among clusters differ widely  , there is not even a single set of parameter values for and M inP ts that allows to extract the real cluster structure of a dataset for DBSCAN 8. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . We limit random walks within two steps. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. A regular expression is used to segment a piece of text to tokens. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. The fifth column C-o presents the copyright owner  , which has five values: library Lib  , individual Ind  , organization Org  , vary and public domain P-d. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. Finally  , in Section 6  , we present our conclusions. The model obtained at the end of the learning phase represents the portion of the execution space that has been explored. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. However  , current search engines do not support the table search. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. On the other hand  , LSTM-based methods LSTM-only and LSTM-DSSM failed to outperform  the DSSM model  , which indicates that ignoring the longterm user interests may not lead to optimal performance. The original motivation of this work was to build an effective ranking function for usenet searches involving queries relevant to Microsoft products. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. We discovered that CLARANS is approximately 15 times faster in our configuration than in the configuration specified in Est96 for all data sizes. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. Finally  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained with this motion planning method. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. With bad fitting models  , it is often the case that multiple assumptions fail simultaneously  , and the plots exhibit non-random patterns. Wang et al. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. The final output is the quantified expression Q.g re . The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. TLC-C by default enables unordered results up to the final Sort operation. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . Furthermore  , documents with high path lengths are more specialized and thus tend to use a more specialized vocabulary. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: This is  , users might stay at workplace during that period  , and hence have similar check-ins while people tend to have lunch about 12:00  , making the curve drops to some extent. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. A third belief is that the freshness level considerably influences search Money paid to search engine Others ranking. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. Also relevant are the XSD inference systems 12  , 20  , 34 that  , as already mentioned  , rely on the same methods for learning regular expressions as DTD inference. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. For every data point x in the original data  , define the out-of-bag OOB trees of x as the set of trees where x is not included in their bootstrap samples. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. A dynamic-programming technique 14 can find the minimum in polynomial time  , but computational efficiency is still an issue. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. The cross-validated correlation is the correlation between the model prediction and the leave-one-out predic- tions. Stack Overflow was designed to be used such that Google is UI. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. query execution time. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. The third dimension is associated with whether or not the fragments are being precisely represented in the descriptor space. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. We then choose context-dependent services that meet the resulting signatures  , i.e. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. Then  , we can summarize the paths from x to z as p 1 ∪ p 2  p 3 . Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. Recent works alleviate this problem by introducing pseudo users that rate items 21  and imputing estimated rating data using some imputation tech- nique 39. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. In an IR setting  , a system maintains a collection of documents D. Given a query q  , the system retrieves a subset of documents d ∈ Dq from the collection  , ranks the documents by a global ranking model f q  , d  , and returns the top ranked documents. However  , the general problem is NP-complete 4. for sequencing have their usual meaning. A peer implementation conforms to its interface  , if all the call sequences to the Communicator are accepted by the finite state machine defining the peer interface. The engine should also facilitate not only the searching for documents but also semantic teleporting. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. , closed-chain  11  , 16  , CAD e.g. To obtain an upper bound  , we classify the documents directly using bag-of-words features from the text  , which should perform better than transforming the text into a visualization. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. In this paper we examined the Fulltext Search Profiling. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. We also express the model constraints in a coordinate invariant form as pairwise relations between primitives. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. For these tests  , the ceiling was left off to aid in viewing  , but would in practice provide information for the fitting routine. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. However  , the reader may wish to refer to Appendix I  , where the join queries have been explicitly listed. Therefore  , unrestricted DSU is standard in many dynamic programming languages. Each fold is stratified so that it contains approximately the same proportions of class distribution as the original dataset. Table 4shows the percentage of search sessions not including citation search queries 9.4% compared to the percentage of search sessions not including document search queries. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. 's simulated annealing solver. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. , bird  , nature and wildlife to search for suitable groups  , and we can find a series of possible groups. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. This is hccausc the amount 01 work saved through sorting sig- nificantlv outweighs the work requir-cd IO pcrlol-m the sorts. These are topics of future research. Aggregated and Federated Search Aggregated search is the task of searching and assembling information from a variety of resources or verticals and placing it into a single interface 4  , 24 . The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. In order to generate queries providing high precision coverage of the answer space for a given question  , custom rules were developed providing a mapping from a given question type to a set of paraphrasing patterns which would generate alternative queries. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . Experiment 1. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. In training phase  , the sentences retrieved are used as train samples. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. 3  , we show how a combination of text-search followed by visual-search achieves this goal. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. This suggests that head-up-down correlates with arousal. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. In fact  , if we consider the width and the depth of a tree as its largest width and depth  , respectively  , we noted that trees are on average 2.48 wider than deeper. The Search Service. All coders labeled 1050 images 510 saliency condition  , 540 playback condition in the same order. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital  , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. A example is to run Microsoft WORD 1.0 on a Linux operating system emulating Windows 3.1. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. 14. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. ReadUp provides a search mechanism modelled on the incremental text search mode of GNU Emacs 19. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. Most engines provide only  , admittedly useful and convenient  , organization of dynamic pages at the cost of learning a new programming language or tool. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. However  , the techniques we use in building the trees  , in particular the choice of variables and values used to split nodes of the tree  , are fairly distinct. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as A regular expression r over Types restrains competition if there are no strings wa i v and wa j v ′ in Lr with i = j. Search by location: A search by location identifies a place and for that place all available time periods events for that location. Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. Additional controls support conditional flow  , dynamic type checking  , synchronisation  , iteration etc. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. 4. The relative hand positions with respect to the face are computed. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. This effect can be explained by the low number of training queries relative to the number of features in the latter case. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. During the online stage  , the largest category of user elicitation related to search terminology 28% and secondly to search procedures 21%. The topic creation and results assessment sites for TREC-8 were: Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. The test written collection was from TREC-8 composed of English documents and queries in a number of European languages. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. , the systeni has no zero dynaniics. Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. The Document search task is to search for messages regarding to a topic. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. The above methods can only be applied t o overdamped systems. The traditional way of removing data from materialized views is deletion. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. 2. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. The main differences between Apriori and Eclat are how they traverse this tree and how they determine the counter values. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. RQ4. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . As a result  , top performing systems in TREC e.g. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. If the copy sent to the crawler contains more than a threshold of links that don't exist in the copy sent to the browser  , we mark it as a candidate and send it to the second step. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. In order to provide a ramp following behavior without any steady-state error  , a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is necessary. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. There are various visual distance measures and we arbitrarily use the Pearson correlation distance in these experiments. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. In general  , the &-value rate of Qlearning is lowerFig.5  , and  , the number of steps to enter the goal for the first time by the greedy policy is also larger Table 1. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. Although operators must still design a survey template  , they are freed from the responsibility of specifying a survey location. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. These This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. More advanced users may employ the search feature to find the button by searching for its label  , assuming they know what the label is  , and the label is a text string. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes This is our estimate for the runtime frequency of the path. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. Function Slice for i ← 1 to n do HandleEvent collects all intermediate trace slices corresponding to θ's subinstances . Our final data set consisted of 224k search sessions  , corresponding to 88k users. They tried to solve optimization problem for energy minimization by a variational approach. As a result  , queries translated using this method typically perform worse than the equivalent monolingual queries -referred to here as monolingual retrieval performance. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. One of the most widely used " solution concept " in Game Theory is the Nash Equilibrium approach: A set of strategies for the players constitute a Nash Equilibrium if no player can benefit by changing his/her strategy while the other players keep their strategies unchanged or  , in other words  , every player is playing a best response to the strategy choices of his/her opponents. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search. , sort-merge joins  , and hence  , need to be preserved. This allows us to write the local error for segment k as: There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Its calculation depends on both the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. The discrete state space S  , the action space A  , the structure of the state transition probabilities and the reward function all remain unchanged when new monitors are added to the system. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play  , with objects as actors. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. New features integrate easily through a resource manager interface. , R-trees. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. , 2. These optimizations are similar to rewrite rules used in conventional single-query optimization 4 as well as in multi-query optimization 1  , 6. 9 shows experimentally that most of the terms words in a collection are distributed according to a low dimension n-Poisson model. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. For example   , ABC uses a search engine which enables one to search some specific text that appeared in ABC news.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. In the following  , we provide more details on methods used by the 5 best performing groups  , whose approaches for detecting opinionated documents have worked well  , compared to a topic-relevance baseline as shown in Table 6proaches for detecting opinionated documents  , integrated into their Terrier search engine. In this section we introduce the governing strategies and mechanisms utilized in our query optimizer. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. Table 1lists the average precision across 11 recall points for both the homogeneous collections and the heterogeneous collections. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. We developed high speed 128ch simultaneous AD boardFig.5. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. 1 and Eq. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. An interesting experiment was done with the Kohonen's self-organizing map SOM 12. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . When integrated in LDM  , they achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-art language models and the classical probabilistic retrieval model on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? We can group the possible CLIR scenarios into the following three main settings: 1. the document collection is monolingual  , but users can formulate queries in more than one language. Thus  , t o compute a stick model of an object  , we first thin the range image of the object  , and then compute a stick description in a manner analogous t o that for fitting superquadrics. their cosine similarity is almost zero. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. Based on a careful examination we have chosen to implement ActiveRDF in an object-oriented scripting languages . Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. Then we consider the controllers  , including servo controllers and a cross-coupled controller. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. , setting aside the results of the Ad Hoc Pool  , we obtain a Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient of 0.927 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.577  , 0.989. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. To compare two HPCP features  , we use the Optimal Transposition Index method OTI 15  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations  , such as tuning or timbre changing issues 15. 2005   , who show that explicit feature mapping is preferable to implicit feature mapping using   , for example  , suffix trees for support vector machine training and classification of strings  , when using small k-mers. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. That is  , we choose 0.1 K+1 The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. In 2005  , sponsored search was a $12 billion industry for the four largest search engines 6. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. Despite encouraging advances in computation and communication performance in recent years  , we are able to perform these activities only on a very small scale. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. Thus  , the discriminative score for each candidate s with respect to F is defined as: αs = | ∩ s ∈F ∧s s D s |/|Ds|. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. Accuracy is defined as the percentage of answers classified cor- rectly. Next  , each model's location is estimated. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. Despite the rich literature on Twitter and its role in covering real-world events  , to date  , we are aware of little research that directly addresses the issue studied in this paper. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. Just as h ~ m a n fingers explore objects in non-random patterns , Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The three-dimensional space contained in the cube see Figure 2 represents the semantic continuum where the origin 0 ,0 ,0 is a purely syntactic search  , the point with coordinates 1 ,1 ,1 is a fully semantic search  , and all points in between represent search approaches in which semantics is enabled to different extents. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. Currently  , to the best of our knowledge  , all of the existing search engines have been examined only for small and/or unreal data. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. In fact  , a class profile can be seen as an approximative unigram Language Model for the documents in that particular class. Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. We took a random sample of 316 Consumer and Electronics queries 3 from the Live search query log. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. When a user submits a query to the search engine  , the search engine returns the user some ranked documents as search results. One final extension is required. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. The accuracy for content-based or performance-based methods was calculated over all the queries. Thus  , they can be immediately used for efficient ad selection from a very large corpus of ads. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. One suggestion was that the library could be divided into different areas: a study area to allow reading or browsing; b librarian area to make enquiries; c games area to play games; d dictionary area to search for meanings of words; and e actual library to search for books. Each topic has three versions  , Arabic  , English and French. We propose the following two definitions to measure the quality of density in DBSCAN. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. , are reported as the final disparity map L/R check. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. If  , however  , any input is already sorted then the corresponding sort operation is unnecessary and the merge join can be pipelined. There are research works e.g. It should be pointed out that the original RPCL was proposed heuristically  , but it has been shown that it is actually a special case of the general RPCL proposed in 6  , which was obtained from harmony learning6  , 71 and with the ability of automatically determining the learning and de-learning rates. The main contribution of this work is a hybrid frontier prioritization approach that combines the two lines of work mentioned above. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Second  , using clickthrough data for model training by extending PLSA to BLTM  , leads to a significant improvement Rows 4 and 5 vs. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. The outliers tend to be inputs in which the user has specified an action in an exceptionally redundant manner. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. The following sections briefly describe the derivation of the Jacobian mapping and analyze the Jacobian for various vision and force sensor configurations. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. Because of the fundamentally different architectures of in-memory and on-disk models  , the considerations regarding query optimization are very different. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. In general  , on level : 1 is created by joining the nodes in -with those in   , 2 for every node   , is defined and then linked to . To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. Therefore  , we extract the title  , abstract  , text  , tables' captions  , figures' captions and the reference part from the raw data. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. The first task corresponds to an end-user task where focused retrieval answers are grouped per document  , in their original document order  , providing access through further navigational means. Kisilevich et al. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. As is evident from Table 6  , the number of required merge steps initially drops drastically. Gp stands for the closed loop transfer function of the position controlled system in free motion  , from motor setpoint to link position. Many of the suggestions  , particularly those beyond the top 10  , were more relevant to an Italian restaurant rather than a Thai restaurant. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. In theory  , this is all that is necessary for the robot to learn the optimal policy. , words that are likely to occur not need a language-specific or even domain-specific thesaurus or dictionary  , but learns directly from the unstructured content. Atheris relies on the robust pattern-matching technique of ViPER and introduces an abstraction layer between web pages and additional functionality for these pages changing the appearance  , adding information  , etc. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. Although framed mainly in the context of a specific set of game rules  , we extend the theory into the real world by first observing that user population on Steam Community does not follow real-world geographic population and  , more importantly   , cheaters are not uniformly distributed. For the feature sets  , combining the full text terms  , gene entities and MeSH terms is effective but even the combinations of two of them work reasonably well. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. 2 They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. 37 Some of the probabilistic models described in the literature have recently been compared and unified 38  , and a new  , ultimate probabilistic model has been proposed which makes maximum use of all available information without implicitly making assumptions about any unknown data. As shown in Fig. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. This definition is similar to the edit distance for strings and the dynamic time warping DTW in speech recognition  , see 16 for an overview. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. The prior for all the parameters is given by There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. The work in 24 proposes rate-based query optimization as a replacement of the traditional cost-based approach.