Systems return docids for document search. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. The diameter function of a part is a mapping between the part's orientation with respect to the gripper and the distance between parallel jaws of the gripper. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. Thus  , this regular expression is used. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. Characterizing predictability. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. Then a search mission is a sequence of consecutive searches  , such that a query of a search shares at least one non-stopword with any previous query within the search mission. However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. For each search task  , participants were shown the topic  , completed a pre-search questionnaire  , conducted their search and then completed a post-search questionnaire. Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. Contributions. The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. Hence  , each expert's pseudo-document is indexed by a search engine for efficient querying and access. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. This mapping has two main advantages. When applying a table search query  , end-users will receive a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results from them. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. The results are available in tab. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. This work is structured as follows. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. In this experiment. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. As a weight we use the number of queries participating in the calculation of the metric signal this number is di↵erent for each experiment. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. The performance of the translation of popular Web queries was better than that of random Web queries because random Web queries were too diverse. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. We consider a meta-search framework where a broker search system forwards the query to component search systems that may include general purpose search engines as well as the APIs of Web 2.0 platforms  , like YouTube or Twitter. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline . This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. Each search record contains the user query  , a transaction time stamp  , a session identifier and URLs visited by the user. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. This property is called interlacing. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. From this it appears that the effects of random walk searches produce equivalent results as an exhaustive search. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. We verified this by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient ρ between the search performance of the different settings captured by MAP  , as reported in Figure 7a  , and the alignment quality in terms of precision and recall for relevant entities  , as reported in Figure 9a. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Typically  , each axis will have its own servo controller to allow it to track reference inputs. The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. call this distributed out-of-core sort. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. We use a third order model of a Hydro-Elastic Actuator to investigate the closed loop forward transfer function and the impedance of the system. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. mobile search offers three distinctive mobile search application platforms: a widget-based Yahoo! For nonoverlapping buckets  , the recurrence becomes: We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. See Figure 11for an example plan. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. Random-based techniques generate tests by randomly assembling method calls into concurrent tests. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. Whenever an external force is applied to the hand controller  , the end-point of the hand controller will move in response. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. Planner 2 is resolution complete when all the jump points are considered. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. To overcome these challenges  , BIGDEBUG provides an on-demand watchpoint with a guard closure function . Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. aspects. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. This report is organized as follows. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. For this reason  , the detection of these variations is key to design an effective job categorization strategy that reflects the underlying data more closely. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. they are equivalent. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. Of these  , the location of minimum error is the start point for a directed search that is based on steepest descent. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. This paper highlights the efforts of the BEAR project in multi-agent research from an implementation perspective. Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. Results for this example system have sliowii that  , practically speaking  , a n y class of desired hacking trajectory t.hat. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. This complexity arises from three main sources. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. Twenty links were the result of a search for ethnomathematics with the National Science Digital Library search engine  , and twenty were the results of a search with Google. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. However  , the correlation between the number of declared friends and the number of distinct interaction partners is low Pearson coefficient 0.16. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. They defined an observability index  , e.g. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Semantic teleporting does not deliver the document which contains the wanted phone number but the phone number itself. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Section 4 is the result discussion. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. is non-proper. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. RANDOOP is closer to the other side of the random-systematic spectrum: it is primarily a random input generator  , but uses techniques that impose some systematization in the search to make it more effective . However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that   , Since this is an initial investigation into scaling laws for controllers   , the theory developed here is only applicable t o frequency domain controllers. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. The optimization in Eq. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. As a consequence  , there exists an n-m-dimensional holonomic constraint on generalized coordinates and the joint evolution is restricted to an m-dimensional manifold M . Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks. In search engine or information retrieval research field  , there are a few research papers studied the users' re-finding and re-visitation search behaviors. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. We took a random sample of 316 Consumer and Electronics queries 3 from the Live search query log. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. The resulting planner is less general in theory than the original VDP planner  , since it uses problem-specific heuristics to guide the search. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. We assume a nicely damped transfer easily be estimated  , since the PID controller is tuned by using these two variables: Since the robot has voltage driven joint motors comparable to velocity steering  , the most important lower frequency range of transfer function of the joint can be approximated by a second-order system with a pure integrator 4. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. correctness of a search N Mean Standard Deviation These results support our interpretation of unique words in a search as a measure of search effort. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. During the final phase of resolution i.e. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. Based on the block-based index structure  , however  , the search execution is much more efficient. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . Taken together  , our approach works as follows. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. The division of queries into the three classes would also he valid for Sort-Merge and Neslcd Loop join. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. The pruning comes in three forms. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Search engines that provide facilities to search pictures e.g. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. When is the best performance achieved ? The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. Yet  , there was also a considerable difference between the two ratings: the average absolute value of this difference for a given topic by a given person was 0.72 stdev: 0.86. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. The first search is over the corpus of Web pages crawled by the search engine. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. General query optimization is infeasible. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. which the other components on this level rely. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. using a dynamic programming approach. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. For each blog entry b  , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors  , P z|b. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. However  , these prohibitive complexities make this solution unfeasible for inputs larger than few thousands of integers. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Most proposed teleoperation modeling works adopt the term F * e to represent the environment internal force as shown in Fig. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. We sampled a query log and pair queries with documents from an annotated collection  , such as a web directory  , whose edited titles exactly match the query. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. Trails can contain multiple query iterations  , and must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or connected to a search result page via a hyperlink trail. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. E.g. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. As we are investigating the impact richer search interfaces have  , a spectrum of search tasks covering different search task types and goals would ideally need to be used. Besides the reference and value dependency sets in this table  , the static types of these values should also be calculated as defined in the language specifications. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. Note that the PLSA model allows multiple topics per user  , reflecting the fact that each user has lots of interest. Variants of TA have been studied for multimedia similarity search 12 ,31   , ranking query results from structured databases 1  , and distributed preference queries over heterogeneous Internet sources such as digital libraries   , restaurant reviews  , street finders  , etc. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. The evolution strategy has been shown to be globally convergent given unbounded running time 4. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . Search US query logs in February 2007. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. Our empirical evaluation shows that the method produces feasible  , high quality grasps from random and heuristic initializations. One simple classical compensation method is to create a dominant pole in the loop transfer function Roberge  , 1975. in open loop mode  , the response should be very underdamped since k~ may be high for a stiff environment. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. Rows represent experience levels  , columns represent ratings   , ordered by time. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. To overcome these modeling difficulties  , we performed system identification on the manipulator to determine an accurate transfer function for free and constrained motions. Field 7 assumes no prespecified path but assumes quasi-static conditions of operation. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. It can be seen in Figure 5that this strategy improves the system performance if compared to the evolution of a population that did not suffer predation. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. The index is dependent on the transfer function. The runs which do candidate selection fig. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. No matter what kind of controller C we use in Figure 4   , the transfer function GI and the backdrivability G2 always keep the following relationship. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Another notable difference is that HaskellDB is designed to work with functional programming languages whereas the SQL DOM is designed to be used from object oriented programming languages. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. Initially  , Team Three approached their module design with query expansion in mind. This is directly confirmed in the reported results in 59  , in which in half of the case study the average number of fitness evaluations per run is at most 41  , thus implying that  , on average  , appropriate patches are found in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts. 11show the Bode plot of the resulting identified transfer function contact force versus normal velocity. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. Real Presenter does provide an integrated table of contents for each presentation so viewers can jump ahead to a particular slide but it doesn't provide keyword or text searches across multiple presentations. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap.  Body-part names. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. A site owner or search engine might collect data similar to the example in Figure 1. movie search. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . It uses Indri as the back-end search engine. Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. The function of the mapping transitions is to transfer the token' s color c  , to a predefmed color cz  , i.e. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. It is based on choosing explicitly  , at each instant  , a possible quasi-static motion of the system by using a random search. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Table lsummerizes the results. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. Fast Fourier Transform. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. Personality diagnosis achieves an 11% improvement over baseline. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? This can be perceived from results already. In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. Different from existing interactive image search engines  , most of which only provides querybased or search result-based interaction  , MindFinder enables a bilateral query↔search result interactive search  , by considering the image database as a huge repository to help users express their intentions. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. One page less of memory will result in another merge step.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Since most of the resources search engines generally search local content  , we use this API for each test query along with the search site option. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. At the same time  , we needed a language supporting both static and dynamic typing  , to reduce the differences between the experimental treatments. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. Distributed graph pattern matching. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. Table 4displays these results. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. Search sessions of the same searcher i.e. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. Lib instances. Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. Precision evaluates a search system based on how relevant the documents highly ranked by the search system are to the query. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . bring the two parts to distinguishable states. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. Two different approaches are compared. We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. The first string of the pattern i.e. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment 3For environment with no internal force i.e. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. Although uol. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Using such data presentation i.e. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Whereas gradient methods change the variables according to determiiiistic rules  , GAS are based on random transition rules. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. The server sub-session parse the query string into a script consisting of a set of SQL statements and content-based search operators. Many questions need to be answered. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Furthermore. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. we define how the orientation of thr: part changes during a basic pull action. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. Joint Objective. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. If Go is a transfer function mapping the open-loop robotic arm endpoint velocity v to an input  , K  , is the velocity compensator around each joint  , and so is a transfer function mapping the robotic arm endpoint velocity v to the forces f when the velocity loop is not closed  , then the closed-loop velocity control system is as shown in Figure 5. operator fh   , and the forces applied to the machine by the environment  , f  , . The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. Unlike classical search methods  , personalised search systems use personal data about a user to tailor search results to the specific user. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. The human operator exerts a velocity step. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. Then we predict a missing rate by aggregating the ratings of the k nearest neighbours of the user we want to recommend to. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. It can be seen that the robot arm undergoes smooth transfer between autonomous function and avoidance function aa well as recovering function to cope with the unexpected event. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection.   , we must compute the best recovery action. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. A randomized search strategy builds one or more stud solutions and tries to improve them by applying random transformations . When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. Query Expansion  Link Crawling: run the query expansion module followed by the link crawling module. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold.  the autocorrelation of the signal. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. We envision search engines that can timely detect and efficiently propagate trending search content i.e. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. The presented results are preliminary. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. Siena is an event notification architecture . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. The strategy part of each rule contains one of the evolution strategies presented above. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. Combinations of latent semantic models. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. If the search succeeds  , then the equivalence check returns false and the oracle reports a failure. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. The above question can be reformulated as follows. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. Since the grammar productions are carried out in a topdown   , left-to-right fashion  , the grammar will build the output string from left to right. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. We do not present an exhaustive case study. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. Figure 2ashows the evolution of the trajectory in the x   , y  , and z directions   , respectively  , and Figure 2bshows the negative of ei for the collision avoidance subtask. The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. The details will be presented in Section 4. As more subgoals are generated and path segments are generated between them with the heuristic strategy  , they will form a graph that approximates the connectivity of the cspace 6119. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. 0 ~ 1 in random directions and the hounding surface of the C-obstacle is located by means of binary search. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The motivations of demote operation is as follows: making those queries that the evaluation function classifies as future cache hits stay in the cache longer. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. When both lrclations arc large  , howcvcr  , as when hoth wcrc " tcnlhoustup " relations in our tests  , the optimal methods will he the pipclincd sort-merge methods. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . To automatically determine the appropriate strategy for each negotiation  , we use meta-policies. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. keeping clicking on the links between Web pages or through some Web page search engines or some combination 2 . Specify individual optimization rules. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. Synthetic expression generation. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. Techniques for efficient query expansion. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. is a stable transfer function. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands.  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. One element name is designated as the start symbol. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. Given a document corpus  , a traditional search query would " simply " return all documents relevant to the search terms. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. Notice also that we have chosen to search " worsefirst   , " rather than to search " best-first. " Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. Semantic relevance. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. Moreover  , we adopt the Action Watch Dog and the Switching the Evaluation Function method. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. Our research seeks to explore such techniques. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. The above methods can only be applied t o overdamped systems. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. Shannon entropy. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. Several meta-search engines exist e.g. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. Hub objects very often appear in the k-NNs of other objects  , and therefore  , are responsible for determining many recommendations . To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. The scatter plot indicates that a strong correlation was observed  , and hence  , hubness occurred. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. Tree-Pattern Matching. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. From the content of these pages  , it was evident that they were designed to " capture " search engine users. From the PI transfer function and the ARMAX model of the motor  , which had been previously determined  , the closed-loop transfer function Gz was calculated. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. The basic mathematical models of both photo and acceleration sensors are simply a 2 Focusing on the acceleration sensor  , using parameters inferred the datasheet for accelerometer ADLXSO provided by Analog Devices 2. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. It has been shown that the resulting transfer function does not suffer from open RHP zeros. If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. People search is one of the most popular types of online search. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. The 1/0 stabilizing decoupling controller for stabilizable rational proper minimum phase and full row range systems of 9  , is used. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. If  , however  , any input is already sorted then the corresponding sort operation is unnecessary and the merge join can be pipelined. Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. They noted that the Janus search engine could also be used to find textual overlaps between other random texts as well. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. A summary of the hydrodynamic models developed by von K a r m h and Sears  , and Lighthill has been presented and has been applied to the investigation of elastic energy storage in a harmonically oscillating foil in a free stream. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. pressive language. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Since KOALA users could not limit their search on video cassettes nor multilingual versions  , they had to check each search result manually see Fig. Selecting a good example image that exactly accords with the search intention does not improve the search results significantly. 7 tell us the magnitude of the synchronization between synchronous development and communication activities of pairwise developers  , but they don't specify if thesynchronization is significant statistically. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. Most characters match themselves. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section.