The deviance is a comparative statistic. from a data point p   , given a radius E p s . One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges.  In order to deal with dynamic cases where trajectories are updated incrementally  , we derive another cost model that estimates an optimal length for segments when " incrementally " splitting a trajectory. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. As the diagram shows  , we label each node in the binary hierarchy with the set of child nodes from the original hierarchy that are below it. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. Experiment Setup. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. By v a r y i n g t h e frequency of the rotation of the mass  , one can vary the frequency of the imposed force on the end-effector. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. The above transfer function meam a typical second order system. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. This method is similar to BestSim method  , but instead of looking for a single permutation with best self-similarity we try to find the first m best permutations. Figure 2shows that query expansion can bring more than 30% of improvement for queries with less than three terms. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. We evaluate our method by comparing the ranking of systems based on the subset of queries with the ranking over the full set of queries. Instead of that approach  , domain experts check the correctness and summaries the rules where mistakes happen. In a poker game  , bluff strategy is usually dependent on the card hand strength. because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. In the task decomposition approach  5    , the Q-learning is closed inside each subtask. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. , SAE seem to not have any detrimental effect. Consider a two class classification problem. In cases where the semantic entities has a simple form  , writing hand-crafted rules in the form of regular expressions can be sufficient for capturing entities in the source documents. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. 2 The impact of query expansion on web retrieval. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. Thus  , our implementations of both the random and chaining techniques supported both of these scenarios  , and our empirical studies investigated the techniques with and without range information. In addition  , we denote α Q n as the relative emphasis on freshness aspect estimated by the query model fQ Once we know that the recursive search on a row-maximal pCluster cannot lead to a maximal pCluster  , the recursive search thus can be pruned. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835  , 117  , 954  , or about 835 million  , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. The technique provides optimization of arbitrary convex functions  , and does not incur a significant penalty in order to provide this generality. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. Thus  , selective expansion may actually do better than the reported performance from the simulations. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. But in their methods  , fixed-priority mechanisms such as suhsumption were employed  , and thus  , priority should be given before learning. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. Learning can also be performed with databases containing noisy data and excep tional cases using database statistics. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. Dynamic world model information is represented in an unified form of objectlattributelvalue description. So we can retrieve related information by pattern matching using a subspace as a unit actually with some generic information in knowledge structure which contains more information than a predicate in logical formulas. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . A mergesort involves two phases: sorting phase and merge phase. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. Random Forest is the classifier used. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. The LCA expansion requires one query per sentence. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. The third area is user in- teraction. One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. If the 'don't care' operation is to be externally controlled  , a cascade of'don't care' flip-flops D and F as shown in Figure 19.5  , similar to the anchor flip-flops  , has to be set prior to the beginning of the pattern matching operation. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. In future work  , we plan to expand our work to non-cooperative environments. It also includes a set of browsing capabilities to explore MultiMatch content. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. In Figure 7random-surfer model  , it took less than 25 time units for the page to obtain popularity one  , but in Figure 10search-dominant model  , it took 1650 time units! The other is that Repeatable also handles loops that arise from user interaction with the dom. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. A number of studies have indicated the potential usefulness of alternative search strategies. Table 1 gives the results for both cw and mw term weightings for the SDR'99 data set. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. We further examined whether COGENT score is fundamentally unpredictive of coreness or its poor performance should be attributed to the fact that it outputs a single score and consequently  , the downstream classifier is restricted to a single feature. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. The popular user-user similarity measures are Pearson Correlation Coefficient 4  , 5  and the vector sim- ilarity 3. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. In this simulation  , the size of the cloth is 0.4 m × 0.4 m. Since the number of joints m  , n of the multi-link model is 20  , 20  , the link distance l is 0.02 m. In order to achieve dynamic folding of the cloth  , motion planning of the robot system is extremely important. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. Figure 5shows a partial search tree for our example constraint  , where the branches correspond to the three derivations in Figures  2  , 3  , and 4. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. Since the size of Google's search space is unknown  , we cannot jump to the conclusion that our system outperforms Google's spelling suggestion system. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. Semantic Sequencing. These are chosen at random  , unless any specific metric is given  , and have been shown to support users in their search 5. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. In this paper  , we have described a new query language for information retrieval in XML documents. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. The search space is uniformly sampled at random. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. The feasibility of this approach depends on how concentrated the search content associated to a trending topic is. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Expansion features express if the losing information from an untranslated term can be recovered by the semantics from the rest of terms with query expansion. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. It would be much more efficient if the formatting were on the TD element instead   , avoiding the repetition. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. Sheridan et al. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. , as a distance metric. We then issued ½¼¼¼ queries selected at random from a publicly available trace of the Excite search engine  , starting with an empty cache. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. For brevity  , Table 3 shows LIME results for only five parallel sections for " real " inputs too large for simulation  , including one from a benchmark PLSA from bioParallel benchmark 10 that is infeasible to run in simulation. Moreover  , the response time of similarity name search is considerably reduced. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. Approximately 40% of each cycle is spent in the water  , 50% in the air  , and 10% retracting from the water. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Each of these research problems presents a number of challenges that must be addressed to provide effective and efficient solutions to the overall problem of distributed information retrieval. Two different approaches are compared. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. Furthermore  , an external memory implementation would require significant additional disk space. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. Figure 2 describes the function of each task T k in partitionbased similarity search. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. DBSCAN can find clusters of arbitrary shapes  , but it requires the specification by the user of the parameters Eps and MinPts and is very sensitive to their values. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. Dictionaries with such a structure may be available  , 2 and Section 3.2 presents 1In monolingual retrieval  , automatic query expansion techniques seek to achieve a similar effect. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. Table 2shows the experimental results. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. Their approach is to reduce this optimization problem to a dynamic programming recurrence which is solved in Θm 3  time and Θm 2  space  , where m is the input size. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. SEESAW incrementally grows solutions from unconstrained where all features can take any value in {Low  , High} to fully constrained where all features are set to a single value. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . The experiment results show that The basic tie-breaking framework is more effective than the traditional retrieval method in tweets retrieval. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. , 35  , 3  , 23  , relevance models e.g. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. The random walk sampler used a burn-in period of 1 ,000 steps. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. 0 The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning  , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Our study melds the two approaches by analyzing library corpora for use in query expansion in the digital library OPAC. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. With bad fitting models  , it is often the case that multiple assumptions fail simultaneously  , and the plots exhibit non-random patterns. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. The idea is to force relationships between pairs of nodes until G becomes a complete set  , i.e. The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. The four methods examined are no use of expansion  , pre-translation expansion only  , post-translation only  , and the use of both pre-and post-translation expansion. Since the function testme runs in an infinite loop  , the number of distinct feasible execution paths is infinite. We collected datasets of location and search activities of users with consent via logs of a major mobile search provider. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. To avoid returning unmanageably large result sets  , the zetoc search response is a list of a fixed number We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. , increased model complexity  , which results in over fitting the data. Transfer of control from a menu to a function is specified by evaluation of a mapping whose evaluation represents execution of the function and whose value represents the state in which the system returns to the menu. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. Most commercial image search engines  , e.g. A feature many felt was lacking was a " smart search technology that can predict a user's intended search query when he misspells something  , like the Google search engine's 'Did you mean ? " The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. To do this  , we split the citations of the small datasets into training and testing sets and compared the performance of models learned on the training sets to " unlearned " models whose feature weights were all set equal to the same constant " 1. " Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. Thus  , violation to the principle of optimal&y requires further extensions. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. This is the criterion used in the examples in Figures 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. The detected breakpoints are marked on the trajectory and are indeed located at the folding points  , segmenting the angular position signals at the peaks and valleys of the signals not shown. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. We used a baseline  , which uses a single fixed window without considering query expansion  , internal structure  , and document authority. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. The dynamics of HSI and TO are assumed to be negligible  , they are modeled as ideal transducers with unity transfer functions. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. In this section  , we show how our Random Forest classifiers can be used to predict global object shape from local shape information. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. Say that an announced event that matches el is received . The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. However  , as software evolves  , the maintenance problems with cross-cutting concerns still exist  , even in the aspectized programs or the programs developed with AOP from the beginning . Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data. , N -1  , for a positive integer Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. As the quality of machine translation improved  , the focus of CLIR user studies expanded from merely enabling users to find documents e.g. From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. First  , if the class label of the document is given  , denoted as y d   , we represent the document in the topic space as The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. We ran the experiments on a DEC Alpha 3000/400 workstation running UNIX. We present a technique that transforms an unstructured bilingual dictionary into a structured one  , and experimental results obtained using that technique. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. These video features include motion features e.g. In the rest of the paper Σ is a finite alphabet of symbols also called element names. 243–318 for an introduction. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. 10% of k 1 . This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. In CLIR  , essentially either queries or documents or both need to be translated from one language to another. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. Our work  , on the other hand  , introduces cluster level constraints in addition to instance level constraints. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. Search VS. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. The effectiveness of the search behavior has an underlying dependence on the quality of the roadmap used by the agents. In this literature  , in this work  , we only use HTML deobfuscation and MIME normalization. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. 1  , 0.99 is employed. To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. This indicates that the ratings predicted by Global Prediction are more discriminative and accurate in ranking the four DSRs. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This relevance score is used to rank the documents in the retrieval corpus. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. In addition  , to better understand the directionality of the features   , we also report in Pearson product moment correlation   , and the point-biserial correlation in the case of the classifier  , between the feature values and the ground truth labels in our dataset. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. iDistance 16  , 33 is an index method for similarity search. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. Although these extra cases are acceptable for some thesauri  , we generalize the above recommendation and search for all concept pairs with their respective skos:prefLabel  , skos:altLabel or skos:hiddenLabel property values meeting a certain similarity threshold defined by a function sim : LV × LV → 0  , 1. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models. Each dimension of the latent space is represented by an entity and the query-document relevance is estimated based on their projections to each dimension. Recommending useful entities e.g. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. However  , sequence < 1  , 3  , 2 > supports < 1  , 3 >. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. The figure of merit FOM for a route i s calculated from the cost matrix by dynamic programming. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. Finally fourier coefficients are calculated by Fast Fourier Transform FIT  , these coefficients are to the control pc via TCP/IP in order be for trigonometric interpolation in the robot control software motion generator. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. We are the first to model sentiments in blogs as the joint outcome of some hidden factors  , answering the call for a model that can handle the complex nature of sentiments. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. A learning agent should calculate an optimal policy ⋆ π by making a number of trials  , i.e. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . This query is shown in Figure 7. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. We are currently working on the specification of leitmotif behavior with the aid of Action Semantics. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. Several well studied codes like the Huffman and Shannon- Fano codes achieve 1 + HD bits/tuple asymptotically  , using a dictionary that maps values in D to codewords. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. This is in contrast to the very large body of work in experimental game theory; see  , e.g. Teleport 62 proved to be the most thorough of a group of crawlers that included WebSphinx 38  , Larbin 56  , and Web-Glimpse 35. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. The parameters  , Eps and MinP ts  , are critical inputs for DBSCAN. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. Some instructions require a full word search or rewrite operand long instructions but others do not short instructions. At the time  , both the force acting on the needle and the displacement of the needle were measured. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. The effect of resource quality on retrieval efficacy has received little attention in the literature. In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. Gradient descent resumes from the state at which the random walk terminates. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. To allow users to refer to a particular realworld time when their query should start  , we maintain a table mapping epoch numbers to times  , and start the query as of the epoch nearest to the user-specified time. Overall  , the model captures the key trends in the data  , including a decrease in voting polarity with rank on the diagonal  , and the increase in voting polarity for reviews that are ranked too low. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. A document record may be in many search sets  , and a search set may have many document records. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. Twenty links were the result of a search for ethnomathematics with the National Science Digital Library search engine  , and twenty were the results of a search with Google. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . The efficiency coefficient κ j is of particular interest  , because it represents how efficient company j is when fixing its price  , a well-known result in game theory. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Let R be the set of points in the query result. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. , and Bing via a similar methodology to White and Drucker 22 . These experiments show that the decaying factor allows us to better distinguish strong and weak term relationships. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. The age distribution among positively classified searchers is strikingly similar to the expected distribution  , particularly for the ages of 60s and 70s  , which are each within 1 percent of the expected rate. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. The query expansion techniques 16  endeavour to automatically provide additional information to the query that will help to obtain better search results. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. Otherwise  , one can just compose a regular expression by concatenating all the input strings using the union operator. Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. This is similar to our earlier experiments in the TREC Web track 4  , 5 . The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. , the implicit semantic relatedness between sentences is modeled through semi-supervised PLSA1. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. A high positive correlation coefficient indicates that with an increase in the actual defect density there is a corresponding positive increase in the estimated defect density. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. In the simplest model  , it studies the compression of sequences emitted by 0 th -order information sources – ones that generate values i.i.d independent and identically distributed from a probability distribution D. Shannon's celebrated source coding theorem 3 says that one cannot code a sequence of values in less than HD bits per value on average  , where HD = Σ icD p i lg 1/p i  is the entropy of the distribution D with probabilities p i . Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. In all conditions  , the search system displayed a spinning wheel when it was busy. ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. Similarity search has become an important technique in many information retrieval applications such as search and recommendation. This property is called interlacing.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. These criteria are: The middle part of the screen displays the search result. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. First  , the missing label t i is replaced by its expected value under the current parameter estimate  , θ s . the original query. In our work  , we use four pairs to calculate a candidate transformation. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. The effect of QR for NLP is investigated by evaluating the baseline method for query translation  , which is a typical task for CLIR. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. Mardy and Dar- wish 12 provide results for the OCR of Arabic text  , using confusion matrices based on training data from the Arabic documents. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. Search-based techniques emphasize reduced record cost  , thereby their recorded information is typically incomplete for a faithful replay. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. a t states I and params p  , Q  p   , ~   , u    , employing a Q-learning rule. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Example. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. Fujii and Ishikawa 7  use a different one-tomany English-string-to-Japanese-string mapping model. Where applicable  , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Then the action at each state is a robot's maneuver such forward move  , turning rights and so forth. Finally  , the segmentation was done using dynamic programming. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. Modifying these lists is an easy task and was successfully carried out by non-expert users. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. For example  , many of the activities that the Reference Model for an Open Archival Information System OAIS 1 places within the Ingest function can be important and valuable to carry out  , not only during transfer to an archives  , but also during system design  , creation  , active use  , within the preservation environment  , during transfer to a secondary use environment and within the secondary use environment. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. 20 studied different crawling strategies and their impact on page quality. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. Relevance Judgments In our experiment  , the data are labeled for evaluating QA general retrieval in the following two ways: by using the TREC factoid answer patterns  , and  , independently  , manually in order to validate the pattern-based automatic labels. An evolutionary improvement takes place. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. The reason is that GeoMF addresses the data sparsity problem by fitting both nonzero and zero check-ins with different weights  , which is less reasonable than our ranking methodology because zero check-ins may be missing values and should not be fitted directly. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. Of course once one began to put the system together some interblock dependences generally called loading  , would occur  , but many fewer then in a software design of equivalent scale. Then  , the method above is applied for each pattern string. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. This problem can be formulated as finding longest common subsequence LCS. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. The third problem  , the coverage of dictionaries is not a linguistic problem and is in principle the same for all languages. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. For other cuboids  , only a single page of memory can be allocated -these cuboids are said to be in the " SortRun " state. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. This is due to a very large number of misspellings and words occurring only once hence they are filted by the word2vec tool. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. For each system and each search space configuration  , we compute over the 24 defects that have correct patches in the full SPR and Prophet search space 1 the total number of patches the developer reviews this number is the cost and 2 the total number of defects for which the developer obtains a correct patch this number is the payoff. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision .  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. Hence  , the transient performance can be improved. In CWW00  , DB2  , Sto75Figure 2: Source data set for Order erating lineage tracing procedures automatically for various classes of relational and multidimensional views  , but none of these approaches can handle warehouse data created through general transformations. We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. Therefore  , if the revolution of one roller is reduced some obstacle or problem  , the revolution of one of the other rollers is increased by the function of the differential gear  , and we can correctly transfer the motor power to the endoscope. Figure 8is a block diagram of the direct controller when it is applied to an n=2  , m=l  , d=l plant. , specular reflectors. But still the approach of using a generic cost model can provide good results due to two reasons. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. This query can be expressed in XQuery 1.1 as follows: In 3  random walks are described on click graphs  , containing information about clicked URLs but not about user sessions. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. We assume a " pay-per-click " pricing model  , in which the advertiser pays a fee to the search provider whenever a user clicks on an advertisement. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. There is a need to investigate search problems on WoD. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. Our system provides users not only the reranking interface  , but also a tag cloud to encourage users to explore search results from various viewpoints  , and a simple interface to specify an html element that contains a search result to recognize structures of the search results page. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so Then the model chooses T template configurations from the candidate pool  , θ  , to best explain the generation of queries. From the PI transfer function and the ARMAX model of the motor  , which had been previously determined  , the closed-loop transfer function Gz was calculated. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. For the former  , the average precision was 0.28  , and for the latter 0.20. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . , are provided by the Access Service itself. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. We first classify each query into different categories. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. Inspired from lo  , the segments of articulation of each finger are concurrent at the wrist's middle point  , C   , as shown in Figure 2a. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. 5 ,000 because uphill moves are easily performed from solutions of low similarity. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. Thls approach works well for text. the GEMINI framework 9. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. Such designs are quite important and relevant when placed in the context of emerging multi-core architectures see Section 4.3. Both steps rely primarily on checking for the existence of positive patterns and verifying the absence of negative patterns Figure 2and 3. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Figure 2a and In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . There are 105 stages for this problem  , and the dynamic programming computations took about 20 seconds on a SPARC 20 workstation. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. The a priori assignment of search engines to domains is performed offline. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. For example  , the result images of " fruit " and " fly " queries can be clustered by visual objects e.g. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. In addition  , these supervised techniques take into account only the explicit query concepts and disregard the latent concepts that can be associated with the query via expansion. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Note that different authors may share the same name either as full names or as initials and last names. Examples of these approaches are presented in 3 and 4 where frequency statistics are used for selecting the translation of a term; contrariwise  , in 5 and 6 more sophisticated techniques exploiting term co-occurrence statistics are described. In our experiments  , the top 10 terms are selected to expand the original query  , and the new query is used to search the collection for the second time. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. a known-item search task  , or find key resource pages for broad topics  , and terabyte retrieval ad hoc search on terabyte scales. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. An XQuery type e.g. In our framework for query expansion  , we adopt a variation of local context method by applying language modeling techniques on relations to select the expanded terms and relation paths. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. In this paper  , we present a novel examination model based on static information of SERPs  , which has more practical applications in search scenario than existing user-interaction-based models . The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. However  , recent studies show that CLIR results can be better than monolingual retrieval results 24. The quality of a search is defined as probability of the event that user clicks on a search result presented to her as the answer to the search. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by The impracticability of examining every possible partition naturally leads to the adoption of a hill climbing strategy  , which essentially consists of iteratively rearranging existing partitions by moving individual objects to different clusters  , and keeping the new partition only if it provides an improvement of the objective function. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. is a stable transfer function. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. Similar patterns in the input space lie in a geographical near position in the output space. Then the key phrases are used as queries to query the image search engine for the images relevant to the topics of the web page. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. 7 The highly effective UEF prediction framework 45 is based on re-ranking the retrieved list L using a relevance language model induced from L. We use the exponent of the Pearson correlation between the scores in L and those produced by the re-ranking as a basic prediction measure. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. Following Csikszentmihalyi's theory of Flow 12  , a state of deep immersion is a good foundation for high performance independent of the concrete task at hand. If the object is not found in the image  , however  , the Search behavior is activated. Given the architecture illustrated in Figure 1  , probability of observing one of the surrounding documents based on the current document Pdm+i|dm is defined using the soft-max function as given below , Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. Two popular techniques are query expansion and results re-ranking. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. We need to compute the correlation between the smell vectors and the air quality vectors. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. Therefore  , a popular correction is to subtract ¯ Ru from each vector component 6  , 4  , 2. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. This indicates that the folding approach benefits from its strong mechanism to automatically and dynamically select a proper number of clusters. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. Berberich et al. In our initial implementation we built a cross-lingual library of relation expressions from English and Spanish Wikipedia articles containing 25 ,000 SRL graphs with 2000 annotations to DBpedia entities. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. Now if the new advertiser places a bid of z  , then the probability the advertiser wins the auction is F z  , in which case the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period is E˜θE˜θ k+1  The value of the dynamic programming problem that arises from placing the optimal bid z in the current period  , V k x ˜ θ k   , k  , is equal to the immediate reward from bidding z or the negative of the loss function that arises in the current period plus δ times the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period. The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. To solve the optimization problem in 6  , we use a matrix V and let V = XA T . For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. One avenue for future research lies with the path planner . There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. If the copy sent to the crawler contains more than a threshold of links that don't exist in the copy sent to the browser  , we mark it as a candidate and send it to the second step. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. With these abundantly available user online activities   , recommending relevant items can be achieved more efficiently and effectively. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. One scenario is that no range information is available. , stratified by community  , or biased by community; 2 investigating non-random labeling patterns and their impact on error correlation for different collective inference methods ; and 3 investigating how characteristics of relational data affect the power of statistical tests i.e. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Thus  , we compute the average value of stage assignmentsˆsementsˆ mentsˆse for event e i.e. It can be used when a distance function is available to measure the dis-similarity among content representations. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. For example  , measurements made by the Polhemus sensor are transmitted as an electromagnetic signal  , and so can have errors introduced by metallic objects or stray magnetic fields existing in the vicinity of the sensor contain error. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. Search US query logs in February 2007. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. The Semantic Search application runs as a client of the TAP infrastructure . As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. Search Engine with interactive query expansion and with advance search options semi+. 15  incorporated term cooccurrences to estimate word correlation for refining the set of documents used in query expansion. In practice the chance that a random document containing a false match would also match the rest of the user's query is very small. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. The size of the plan space is a function of the query size and complexity but also proportional to the number of exploration rules that created alternatives during optimization. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. We looked at the activity signatures of 321 workers who had at least one complete signature and had completed the NER task. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. ENUM " between slashes. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. When we take the second derivative and collect terms  , we end up with P u ,v∈E cx − xv + b −2   , which is always positive. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Both Kwok's method and MDF were found to achieve retrieval effectiveness values similar to that obtained with Pirkola's structured query method  , so Kwok's method seems to be a good basis from which to build probabilistic structured query methods. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. by assigning a high score to a token outside the article text. SAXException is not thrown by any of the resolvable methods in the test scenario; therefore  , the functionality being sought should throw that exception . Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. ,... ,.uon. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. Finally  , successive regular expressions are applied from the most to least specific to these sections. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. 7 Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. , of constructing a model that fits only because it is very complex in comparison to the amount of data  , we always evaluate on one benchmark at a time  , using the other benchmarks as training data. Query expansion QE is an effective strategy to address the challenge. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . We hope to answer the following questions. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer  , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. The clusters of reviews belonging to the bug report and suggestion for new feature categories are prioritized with the aim of supporting release planning activities. , on tens of thousands of questiondocument pairs. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. This report is organized as follows. In our experiments we assume a pattern does not contain a similarity constraint. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. Not only does it implement a dynamic search engine  , Dumpling also provides a convenient user interface for a user to compare the results from the dynamic search engine and the static search engine . Semantic relevance. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. Query expansion techniques can assist users with increasing the length of their queries through automatic and interactive techniques. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn}  , we denote its correct translation as Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. , the sales home page for BTO must rank first in the search results. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. , the query. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. mi. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. Our experiments also show that the chemical entity search engine outperforms general purpose search engines as expected. In order to maximize the cortical activity signal and minimize muscle-related activity and other artifactual noise  , we included only the 20 centrally located electrodes. , semiautomatic  , user-mediated  , or userassisted . We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The latter requires a human interpreter to identify the concepts in the requests. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . All of these computations are subject t o error. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. Lately  , a more abstract approach   , working with dioids a p p r e d . In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. Search interrmxhary elicitation during the online search stage largely focused on search strategy and terms  , followed by the online relevance elicitation requesting users to judge the relevance of the output. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs  , we develop ARSA  , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. #weight  1-w #combine original query terms w #combine expansion query terms  In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. The term object type is used to stand for either an entity type or an association type. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. A query used for approximate string search finds from a collection of strings those similar to a given string. The amplifiers introduce an output delay which is slightly more complicated to measure. In addition to having to find a number in the vicinity of " 1 million square miles "   , we also need to account for the fact that the passage may talk about square kilometers  , or acres. Related to the heterogeneity of information integration are open questions about the transactional semantics of operations across federated data sources  , synchronized backup and recovery  , a uniform privacy and security model across a multitude of systems  , as well as general query and operational performance aspects in the presence of huge data volumes and increasing numbers of data sources. In the CTPN model  , the mapping transitions are drawn as m. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . However  , it incurs the overhead of a larger number of random accesses. Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. We propose the following two definitions to measure the quality of density in DBSCAN. With such information  , we believe  , the spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be used to improve the search experience. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. The partial transition function δ 0 is defined as follows: δ 0 q 0   , σ = q 0 for any σ ∈ Σ 0   , and undefined otherwise. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. The related-text significantly improves the results of retrieval methods that do not perform query expansion. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. ads that do not appear in search sessions. The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. In this paper  , we also studied the relationship between query lengths and improvements by query expansion. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. The approach can be characterized as a generalization of an N-way merge sort. For instance  , for any candidate point  , if the global information can be guessed from the local information  , then global data about this point is less likely to be informative. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. SimilarDocument notion of similarity : Formalize the notion of similarity between Web documents using an external quality measure. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. The ZPETC can solve this problem. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. An overall similarity measure is computed from the weighted similarity measures of different elements. Our J-Sim experiments build the OU T data structure from Figure 4 and write it to a file only for the first version  , and load the information for unmodified transitions from the file to the IN data structure for each subsequent version. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. where   , | |-is the substring of from position π. Pos to | |. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. pressive language. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. We use the official intents as atomic intents to avoid reassessing relevance of the documents. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. In Section 3  , we describe the task modeling and proposed framework for conversation systems. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. Next  , each model's location is estimated. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. At this time  , the side edge is joined slopes in stead of steps  , so zigzag is reduced obviously. Table 2shows the results. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. For query expansion  , we tried the classical blind relevance feeback to add new topically-similar terms to the query. , resource content  , RDF graph structure  , schema information to answer keyword queries with a set of diverse results. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. , a stack. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. The likelihood function for the t observations is: 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. , escalation or non-escalation  , and the time taken to perform the transition . In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Advanced Similarity Search. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. The transfer function of the LRC circuit and the resonance frequency fhyd of it is expressed by Besides the computed hydraulic resistance of the channel  , the sensor also consists of hydraulic capacities Chyd and hydraulic inertance Lhyd. The results suggest that learning to identify successful interaction patterns between a predictable grasp controller and a class of object geometries is more efficient than learning a control policy from scratch Q-learning. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Table 2   , we list the retrieval performance of query expansion using different β-values of 0.01  , 0.03  , 0.05 and 0.1. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. During the final phase of resolution i.e. In a distributed search engine  , a search site indexes locally only a fraction of the documents. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. Similar effects can also be achieved using recursive functions to generate recursive relations or to test membership recursively. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. This is because on some runs the random walks help escape from dead ends in the search space more effectively than on other runs. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. We also calculated the semantic similarity of a new tweet with the tweets that were already sent to the users to minimize redundancy. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. The EDSER workshops thus function not as mini-conferences but as working sessions. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. For more through treatment  , see 7. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. A second heuristic is to try to prune the number of paths that need to be validated at the data storage layer. Furthermore  , the content-only score is obtained applying the query expansion technique we used a parameter free model of query expansion with 3 top ranked documents and 20 expansion terms. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. Optimization. Our key idea is to extend PLSA 8 to build a topic-bridge and then transfer the common topics between two domains. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Query noise reduction reduces query length from 47.22% to 63.69%  , tion  , marked †. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. Aside from the S-PLSA model which extracts the sentiments from blogs for predicting future product sales  , we also consider the past sale performance of the same product as another important factor in predicting the product's future sales performance. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. Our main contributions are summarized as follows: After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. where 0 < y < 1 Q learning defines an evaluation function Qs ,a. Compute domain similarity. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. We can group the possible CLIR scenarios into the following three main settings: 1. the document collection is monolingual  , but users can formulate queries in more than one language. Smeaton et al. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. We have found that the context-based search effectively ranks query outputs  , controls topic diffusion  , and reduces output sizes 1  , 2. There are research works e.g. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. Though PLSA components of Table 6cover only 4% of the data  , they are quite interesting. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. Some of the most severe obstacles faced by developers learning a new API are related to its documentation 32  , in particular because of scarce information about the API's design  , rationale 31  , usage scenarios  , and code examples 32. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. , closed-chain  11  , 16  , CAD e.g. The results fall within our expectations since this is our first TREC participation and we could devote only a minimal number of person-hours to the project. Approaches include having the system suggest a list of terms  , and automatically adding them to users' queries automatic RF  , allowing users to pick which terms to add interactive RF  , and eliciting new terms from users. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. The best-first crawler BFC uses a classifier that learns to classify pages as belonging to topics in a taxonomy. These values are listed in Table II. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. Image search engines often present a query interface to allow users to submit a query in some forms  , e.g. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. Each query submitted to a commercial search engine results into two searches. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. The right graph in Figure 2plots the single-assessor and pyramid F-scores for each individual Other question from all submitted runs. The engine returns a search result list. , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. Thus NetPLSA ignores the various participation information for each user. We sort the two input sequences based on their join values  , merge them and then sort the output based on the node id of the first sequence. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. Multiple " indicates various resolutions used in the global methods. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. The differences between these techniques  , their capabilities  , and their shortcomings illustrate the problems inherent in lumping them together in a taxonomy of fault detection techniques. RQ4. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. Then  , we describe the proposed concept-based temporal relevance model for query expansion. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. These properties are considered as random influence. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. We submitted results on both topic distillation and home page/named page finding tasks. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. In many RDF applications  , e.g. In other words  , search based on the user model required a much smaller number of query messages and thus a much higher efficiency in order to achieve similar accuracy. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. Copyright 2007 VLDB Endowment  , ACM 978-1-59593-649-3/07/09. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. Somewhat oversimplified  , by the "extension of a search word" with regard to a file is meant the list of documents or specified document parts in which a system acceptable search word a freetext word or descriptor occurs or has been applied. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. In fact  , the motion resolution of the AFAM is expected to be below 10nm  , which corresponds to the reported resolution of thermal MEMS devices. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. For 7 and 6  , they used a topic-variation matrix per region  , which might be too expensive to be applied over a large number of regions while the authors in those papers found that their model peaks at around 50 regions and 10 topics and the predictive performance deteriorates otherwise for excessive number of parameters   , resulting in over-fitting. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. To compare two HPCP features  , we use the Optimal Transposition Index method OTI 15  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations  , such as tuning or timbre changing issues 15. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. With reduced dimensions  , the generalization ability can be improved. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. It is shown in Fig. indicating an expression of strong feelings. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. In Section 4 we introduce another method which instead uses frequency pruning. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. is NP-complete. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. The random replacement of duplicate attribute codes as well as the normal randomization of the original attributes necessitates a search for original descriptor/requestor attribute matches subsequent to bucket address decoding during retrieval operation. The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. This can be done by computing B i X −1 p i where p i are the segmented model points in the first case  , and the segmented bead in the second case. query execution time. Accordingly  , we combine the textual similarity and structural similarity to effectively rank the MCCTrees. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. Figure 2gives the results for memory sizes ranging from l/10 of R in memory to all of R in memory. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. For robust verification with the fitting test  , we have to be sure that the hypotheses corresponding to surfaces with bigger area are tested before those corresponding to surfaces with smaller area. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Popular choices for su ,v include the Pearson Correlation Co- efficientPCC22  , 11and the vector similarityVS2. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. Therefore  , when translating these queries  , we use example-based method that may generate accurate translations. Note that the ffmith's principle can be applied independently of a particular form of manipulator controller and  , therefore  , other form of a manipulator controller can be chosen as well. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. Function Slice for i ← 1 to n do HandleEvent collects all intermediate trace slices corresponding to θ's subinstances . They represent patterns because either predicate  , subject or object might be a variable  , or is explicitly specified as a constant. Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? Similarly  , for personal data search systems  , such as desktop search or personal email search  , often there is only a single user resulting in very small query logs. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. Edge optimization and sort splitting and embedding seem to be particularly promising for order-dependent queries. It also addresses the user cold start problem effectively since the model allows us to capture user interests from queries and recommend related items say music even if they do not have any history on using music services. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. For extroverted participants  , robot's intervention increases people's heart rate in easy game level and decreases it in the difficult level. T r a n s f e r F u n c t i o n Modelling In the previous section  , it is shown that  , for the transfer function between the input torque and the net tip deflection  , there is no well-defined relative degree. This resulted in the icdqe run. In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. We also computed the Pearson coefficient r between the average forecast error rates of the top five QAC suggestions and the final ρ and MRR values computed for those rankings . Here  , these requirements should be added to the already existing requirements needed to self-contain the microfluidic device. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. Once the name entities are detected  , we compute their occurrence frequencies within the document corpus  , and discard those name entities which have very low occurrence values. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. , have a non-random date distribution 5 . If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. This also makes automatic summarization easier because human voices can be easily recognized and pattern matching should be useful for recognizing many natural sounds. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. We call this predisposition " advertising receptiveness "   , and show that the user's interest in a search ad shown for a future search within the same session can be predicted based on the user interactions with the current search result page. In this sense  , the general reliability serves as a prior to reduce the over-fitting risk of estimating object-specific reliability in the MSS model. Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. Methods for resolving lixal redundancy determine joint trajectories from the instantaneous motion needed to follow a desired end-effector path. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. The approach matches each test page with the learnt template  , segment the web page into set of sections  , and assigns importance to each section  , using template learning  , and page level spatial and content features. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. In reality  , the hopper may be able to store substantial additional energy due to its horizontal motion. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. Can we predict community acceptance ? The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. The definition of EMI will help identify the case that resellers change the content of listings as well as the resale activities coming through account transfer. Their model explores the d2d-link graph to detect some community cores and then uses text information to improve community consistency. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. In all the simulation tests  , the parameters of the system are given by: I , Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. When possible  , the local proxy is equipped with a large local store which the client can locally search. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Table 1  , column c reports the average percent failure rate observed for each object. For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. Third  , we import paper collections from other repositories such as arXiv and PubMed to incorporate papers from a breadth of disciplines. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. 2 builds and outputs a self-folding crease pattern V   , E   , F   , T  in On 2  time and space. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. Note that by exploring the low rank property  , the optimization problem is not convex. The selected terms contained no original query term. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. 2 In contrast  , when matching a data tuple t and a pattern tuple tp  , tX tpX is false if tX contains null  , i.e. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. A great deal of similar research has also been conducted into text similarity searching or finding the most effective means of supporting search to find highly similar or identical text in different documents. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. With active control  , the actuator is backdrivable. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . We address the problem of parallel query optimization  , which is to find optimal parallel plans for executing SQL queries. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. , sort  , might also be content with this simple open-next-close protocol  , which  , however  , may restrict the flexibility of their implementation. , ligand docking 4  , 181  , protein folding 19 ,20. Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. The mechanical svstem consists of a D. C. motor attached to is very sinall and is assumed to be zero in obtaining the transfer funct ,ion of the controller. This led to the introduction of two search tasks at INEX 2006: Relevant in Context and Best in Context  , and the elicitation of a separate Best-entry-point judgment. We use the following model for mixed surfing and searching: But the similarity is more substantive that this. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , query expansion 5 is biased due to topic drift while improving the recall performance. Throughout this paper  , we will use the TREC average noninterpolated precision to measure retrieval performance Voorhees  , 1997. After that  , by mapping attribute vectors to the new sub-space  , components in attributes related to this vector are subtracted. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. As the experiment progresses from Fig. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. Among the popular commercial search engines  , only a few offer the search option to limit a search session to a specified website. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. Their industrial applications were rarely observed in the literature. Figure 12shows an example. For this situation  , it is impossible to push sorting down. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. Search Meta-Index. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. Tanaka- Ishii and Nakagawa 32 developed a tool for language learners to perform multilingual search to find usage of foreign languages. The measurements were supervised by GL one of the authors who is an experienced scoliosis surgeon at National University Hospital  , Singapore. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. The research cited viewed pivots as an unfortunate necessity: their use allowed retrieval to take place  , but at the cost of much introduced error. Here legend Src+Target means using both source graph edges and labeled target graph edges without instance weighting  , and IW means our instance weighting method. ~. Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. If it would be a 1 in any other candidate's search  , it is a 2 in this candidate's search. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. Two runs were made. Based on these results  , we can conclude that any strongly connected sub-graph in the punctuation graph for the query could serve as a building block for constructing safe plans. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. Test II: Combined Models. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in The expanded query gave 4 times as much weight to the original query as to the expansion terms; this is based on decent results from previous experiments. The proportion of search types are presented in Table 5. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. The most frequent smallest interval  , which is also an integer fraction of other longer intervals  , is taken as the smallest note length. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. To maintain this search time for a larger database will require multiple search units each with its own disc. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. Example 2. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. As is evident from Table 6  , the number of required merge steps initially drops drastically. Thus  , every participant used all three search interfaces but the order in which participants used the interfaces and the task for which a given interface was used varied systematically across participants. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. , the disturbance attenuation in low frequencies   , from the input reference to the output is tackled. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. We hope to speed up the current method with the current hardware configuration. Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. However  , the application is completely different. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. The user queries recommendations by filling in a form  , indicating a list of criteria. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. TableSeer offers two levels of searches: basic search and advanced search. A recent paper by Müller et al. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. The first is a distance transform  , where the likelihood  , p d   , of a registered pixel  , v  , depends on its 3D distance to the closest edge  , edgev. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. TALI denotes the traditional active learning using informativeness  , where the most 20 uncertain instances are added to previous training set to train a new active learner. Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. This is accomplished as follows. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. For example  , the join can be implemented as an index nested-loop join  , a sort-merge join  , a hash join  , etc. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. As another example  , maybe more related to Internet security  , consider parallelized file transfers  , as in the BitTorrent peer-to-peer service. Setup. Increment of 2mm along X and Y axes is taken to search for the singularity points. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. To compare the performance of different query expansion patterns  , we used the top 1  , 000 tweets returned by API. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. Theobald et al. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. The segment results of each individual index probe are sorted  , first by protein id and then by start position  , and written to separate files. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. Finally  , we consider the effects of the parameters available in each technique. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. DTDs provide a sophisticated regular expression language for imposing constraints on elements and subelements the so-called content model   , but are very limited in the control of attributes and data elements. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. As advocated in 3  our proposed method for correspondence search first constrains the search region and then performs an appearance based search therein. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. Many of the TPC-D queries also require a sort of the final result   , which usually is small. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. From the meta-search users can either choose to view an abstract page  , or jump directly to a cached full-text PDF if available for each matching article. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. We define and combine two different kernel functions that calculate the pairwise similarity between sentences bag-of-words and verb. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. In the cluster to which the query term concepts of our concern belong  , other terms can be selected as candidates of the query expansion. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. , array of floating point values. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Like Q-learning. Similarly  , when designing a new method for MRTA  , our definition of the problem and our exposition on previous approaches may prove useful. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. The key is a triple pattern fragment where the predicate is a constant and the value is the set of triples that matches the fragment 16. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . The human operator exerts a velocity step. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. This challenge has contributed to the increasing popularity of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR among researchers in the Information Retrieval IR community in recent years. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. The problem of mapping perceptual situations into commands can be actually decomposed into two sta- I ges: a classification of a measured perceptual situation and an association a locomotion action with a perceptual class. 11   , who have described the development of the Electronic Manipulus Florum project 4   , a digitized collection of Latin quotations  , as well as the Janus search engine that finds overlap between user query text and the Florum quotations despite the existence of complex variants. We performed a temporal search by submitting a temporal query to the news archive search engine http://www.newslibrary.com. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. The symptom is usually an error message of some sort. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. Expanding phrase B with phrases A and C based on the traditional inverted index structure requires locating the three separate posting lists through random access followed by two merge operations. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. One test done in surface following is to see how the contact force error changes when the environment has a sinusoidal motion. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. , through the web browser or a dedicated search application  , without sending a request to the search engine. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. It provides sound solutions to many difficult problems  , for which people have not found a theoretical or practical breakthrough. We use WordNet and some Web resources to find list of entities and tag their type. We took a random sample of 316 Consumer and Electronics queries 3 from the Live search query log. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. A candidate item is downloaded means web pages related to the suggestion are downloaded. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. For example  , in CIDE 22  , developers can create views on a specific feature selection  , hiding irrelevant files and irrelevant code fragments inside files  , with standard code-folding techniques at the IDE level. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. cluding all search portal events from a search session  , if there is a search event immediately after a browse event  , we call the tuple {URL  , query} a " browse → search " pattern where URL is the page visited in the browse event and query is extracted from the search event. 2 Novel evaluation methods for Xcerpt  , enabled by high-level query constructs  , are being investigated. He has a large footprint on the Web  , however the top images returned by the search engine are replicas of the same few shots. The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. Different from conventional action classification 4  , 1  , several approaches exist in the literature that focus on activity prediction  , i.e. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. The performance of the translation of popular Web queries was better than that of random Web queries because random Web queries were too diverse. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. Hiding these vertical results from view until the searcher is ready to use them might lead to a better search experience. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. If the specified imputation strategy is: the missing elements follow a certain distribution with given expectation and variance  , then X rv is a random vector 12  , x i 1   , 9  , x i 2   , 40 and X mis = x i 1   , x i 2   , where x i 1 and x i 2 are both random variables following the given distribution. Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. The temporal prior approach might have performed better in combination with document expansion. Conversely  , transfer statements access confidential data and propagate it without modifying it. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. The experimentally determined transfer function is KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. While all three access mechanisms were identified prominently in the tutorial—a color  , printed document left with each participant—non-text access required extra thought and work. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. We matricize X in Mode 3 to generate matrix X 3 ∈ R a×ult . Table 1lists the average precision across 11 recall points for both the homogeneous collections and the heterogeneous collections. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. In addition to the classical IR tasks  , cross-language IR CLIR also requires that the query or the documents 7 be translated from a language into another. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. it is quite difficult to understand. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. One approach to generating such suggestions is to find all pairs of similar queries based on the similarity of the search results for those queries 19. As with search results  , the probability that a user clicks on an advertisement declines rapidly  , as much as 90% 5  , with display position see Figure 1. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . Instead of selecting two chromosomes at a time  , the supervised crossover operator will put the whole population under consideration. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. For the Bitly sample  , random hash values were created and dereferenced until 1 ,000 target URIs were discovered. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. The authors apply an ontology during the construction of a vector space representation by mapping terms in documents to ontology concepts and then aggregating concepts based on the concept hierarchy  , which is called concept selection and aggregation COSA. Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. show informative evolutionary structure  , carrying concrete information about the corpus that are sometimes previously unknown to us. By controlling for quality and position  , statistically significant positive estimates of wT and wA would imply that click behavior is biased towards more attractive titles and abstracts  , respectively   , beyond their correlation with relevance. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. Silvestri and Venturini 21  resort to a similar dynamic programming recurrence to optimize their encoder for posting lists. Many of them contain bilingual translations of proper nouns  , such as company names and personal names. There are in fact many advantages to do so. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. One of the main applications of QPP is selective Query Expansion 1. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. It is clear that pre-search context is very different from user search history or search session context  , which are explored by many previous studies for understanding search intent. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. A camera is positioned above the table with its visual axis forming an angle of 30° with the vertical  , in a way that the target edge appears at the lower edge of the acquired image. The simplest approach is to retain the same formulae  , but to suppress the contribution of unlikely translations. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. For our implementation we select Figure I visualises the results. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. Origin: The first page in the trail after the SERP  , visited by clicking on a search result hyperlink. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. Compared to C4.5 a random forest ensemble created using log 2 n + 1 attributes is very good and RTB- 20 is the best by a rather small increment. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. Typically  , redirection methods are useful in the Java programming language as it does not support the late-binding on dynamic types of method parameters. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. V for more detail on the database. For the running example  , the maximum value of 20.0 % of the likelihood function is three times as high as its lowest non-zero value of 6.7 %. where c i c k means that c i is related to c k through a subsumption relationship. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. Second  , from the initial belief  , covariances at other vertices can be computed efficiently by propagating Λ − 0 using covariance transfer functions. The methodology for gathering the criteria uses two instruments  , a free search based on some example tasks and a questionnaire. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . In our current design  , except the literal words  , we also adopt common data types  , such as integer   , float  , month  , date and time  , as the features. some users ask navigational query in the current search engine to open a new one. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. In Section 5  , we detail our experiments and the results we obtained; and Section 6 concludes the paper. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. Similar to other CLIR papers  , " source language " refers to the language of queries  , and " target language " refers to the language of documents. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. For each page  , we sort all blocks on the page in four different orders: from top to bottom  , from bottom to top  , from left to right  , and from right to left. We discuss alternatives here  , which primarily vary in the extent to which they take advantage of the large distributed group and sort operations built into the MapReduce execution framework. In TREC 2006 Shen et al. Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. aspects. Kisilevich et al. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . A gradient Best-First search is then used to find a path Q  , from the initial point  t i   , qf to the final point t.:  , q:. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. The PI controller then generates the control signal Us to control the output response Cs referred to the reference input Rs  , and to regulate the disturbance. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. Different authority transfer weights express different preferences of the user  , translating into personalized ranking. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. This Web-based application provides a number of match modes including approximate matching for " interval and rhythm " and " contour and rhythm " . We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. , pat. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. The sort operator responds by splitting Ihc merge into a preliminary step that merges R  , to R4 into R ,4 assuming " optimized " merging  , and a final step that merges H   , 4 with KJ to X , ,  , into R ,- , , ,. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Descriptor approaches usually are robust  , amenable to database indexing  , and simple to implement. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. Indeed  , while the Agrovoc ontology is used only for the automatic annotation of documents  , the Organic. Lingua one is exploited also for performing manual annotations. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. An acceptable search would find most of the relevant documents with minimal wasted effort. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. Once the hinges are capable of lifting the weight of the body  , a self-folding robot could transform from a planar structure to a fully operational machine without human intervention. Since a better feature grouping should yield higher search accuracy  , we define the fitness function of a feature grouping as its search accuracy. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. Groupization to improve search. In this paper  , presently known techniques for query-time replacement are reviewed  , new techniques that leverage estimates of replacement probabilities are introduced  , and experiment results that demonstrate improved retrieval effectiveness in two applications Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and retrieval of scanned documents based on Optical Character Recognition OCR are presented. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. After this threshold the mixed hyProximity is a better choice. The must likely cause is difference in linguistic features. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. Semi-structured Search Baseline No-schema  , NSA. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. , waiting for the use of a definition that is already been killed and trigger backtracking. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. Telang et al. One such study is Tschang's qualitative investigation of 65 game development project postmortems  , finding significant differences between game development and other creative industries 15. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. Formalization cordtl cotlcern utilization of viewers in languages  , for example  , in query operators or programming primitives. An anchor element points out the location in a node's content which is source or destination of a link. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. All of these approaches fail for programs that include looping behaviors that do not fit their limited scope. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. The operation sequence tells the order in which each operation should be initiated at the given machine. The transfer function from u=ul u2 t t o e=el e21t is By definition  , the compensator C stabilizes the plant P if Il+PC 1#0 and all the elements of H  P   , G  are stable. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. Recently  , some search engines started showing related search keywords in the bottom of the result page. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. 4.2.2 Proposed Method: "Switching-Q": For cases in­ volving complex problems  , such as a robot's navigati on learning  , some hierarchical learning methods have bee n proposed 9  , 10  , 11  , etc. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . A distinct property of patent files is that all patents are assigned International Patent Classification IPC codes that can be exploited to calculate the similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents in prior art search. Although search for First-max finds the highest similarity using a longer path 77 steps as opposed to 24  , it reaches high quality solutions faster. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. At eBay it's been proven that image-based information can be used to quantify image similarity  , which can be used to discern products with different visual appearances 2. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. In this paper  , we introduce the novel problem of question recommendation in Question Answering communities. In that case  , we will consider the major to minor ordering R.d  , R.b for nested loop and R.b  , R.d for sort-merge. method to construct object query. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. In contrast  , the population of STEM instructors in our focus groups included non-users or potential users from a variety of colleges and universities who were not necessarily innovators. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment  , thresholded versions of those features  , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. This category includes the Pearson-correlation based approach 4  , the vector similarity based approach 1  , and the extended generalized vector space model 3. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. For example  , the article " platform disambiguation " contains 17 meanings of the word " platform " . The visiting strategy of new web pages usually characterises the purpose of the system. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. quasi-Newton method. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. A possible cause for this may be the following. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The dataset contains a subset of search logs of 30 days  , which are about 1.5 years old and do not contain sessions with queries that have commercial intent detected with Yandex proprietary query classifier. On the other hand  , if the focus is to learn the most effective ranking function possible disregarding efficiency   , then we can use a constant efficiency value. The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. For this test  , we select the TREC subtopics in the search task with | estimated on relevance judgments  , and the MovieLens dataset for the recommendation task. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. The Keynote robot can generate a request multiple times a minute  , 24 hours a day  , 7 days a week  , skewing the statistics about the number of sessions  , page hits  , and exit pages last page at each session. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. , the least cost for evaluation is assumed. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. Our experiments use two sets of data test collections and submitted runs from the NTCIR-3 CLIR track 9  , provided by National Institute of Informatics  , Japan. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. The interleaving of random testing and concolic execution thus uses both the capacity of random testing to inexpensively generate deep program states through long program executions and the capability of concolic testing to exhaustively and symbolically search for new paths with a limited looka- head. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. In an Iterative search  , a client keeps control of the entire search. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. In order to improve information exchange beyond the " shared part " of the ontologies  , we promote both query expansion at the query initiator's side and query interpretation at the document provider's side. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. after completion of the search  , the subject was asked to complete a post-search questionnaire. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. It also appears that  , with this approach  , additional bilingual lexicons and parallel text improve performance substantially in spite of the increased ambiguity. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. In contrast to the planar push function  , the three-dimensional push function is not a monotonic transfer function. It also played a large role in the TREC-8 experiments of a number of groups. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. Taily's effectiveness was en par with the best-measured effectiveness of Rank-S with P = 0.02 and P = 0.04. STARS STrategy Alternative Rules are used in the optimizer to describe possible execution plans for a query. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Search-Result-Click History. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. M one-pass = 2 x R done + R left  x S. Once the sort spills to disk  , there is no point to use more memory than the one-pass requirement hence  , from that point on  , the sort sets its cache requirement to the one-pass requirement. Figure 8 : Compare the F 1 score higher is better when using different groups of features. First  , users can calculate the whole Skycube in one concise and semantic-clear query  , instead of issuing 2 d − 1 skyline queries. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. It means that those nearby data points  , or points belong to the same cluster or manifold   , are very likely to share the same semantic label. Then similarity search can be simply conducted by calculating the Hamming distances between the codes of available data examples and the query and selecting data examples within small Hamming distances. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. Breaking the Optimization Task. It is desirable to use the simplest friction model in order to avoid computational complexity. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. deg. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. Due to system uncertainties  , the system stability and performance  , determined based on the loop transfer function given in 16  , is affected by The default path flags string is " di " . The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. Also the social actions influenced by transitivity  , selection and unknown external effects may overlap. This is dictory to many existing researches with aimed at making suggestions based on query similarity solely. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. 13  , found search motivations such as navigational search  , informational search or resource finding. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. Search space rearesentation. Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. Demote operation: it is used to transfer evicted query results pages from the controlled cache to the uncontrolled cache rather than out of the query results cache directly. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. The dynamic programming exploration procedure can perform optimizations. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. Although uol. The search tasks they were asked to carry out were: a simple and complex known-item search tasks  , and an exploratory search task. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. The initial inter-beat length is estimated by taking the autocorrelation over the detected onsets. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. , 19  , 26  , 33. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Inde&thesecanalsobe'~ " verrexob~tsasnodesin the grapk they are useful to sepamte highway sections with diffmt values of au&l&%3 such as noJunes. The worst performance is by LD. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that  , Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. This value is the effect of the system used during the search  , plus random error. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. Not all selected Fig. a ,e Without learning: robot expects object to move straight forward. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Query languages may also be embedded into programming languages 2 . These parts tend to be shorter. Further  , all of the above mentioned research studies use fixed Twitter datasets collected at a certain point in time. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. Two very important parts of this formulation  , which are often overlooked or not present in similar models  , are feature weighting and the feature smoothing. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. In our first user evaluation experiment  , we let domain experts judge and compare the search results from NanoPort to those from two benchmark systems: Google and NanoSpot. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. 'Push Sort in Select': We tested the efficiency of our rewrite that pushes Sorts into Selects  , as described in Section 5.2. shows the time needed for query planning and optimization transformation time. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. Typical full-text indexing e.g. In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance.  the autocorrelation of the signal. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . The dataset includes static search session logs and whole-session level relevance judgments. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. This methods is called " Baseline " in Tables 1 and 2. Real-Time Query Expansion RTQE describes an interface mechanism whereby candidate expansion terms are presented to the searcher as they enter their search query. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. Further  , given the negative impact of irrelevant ads on credibility and brand of publishers and advertisers  , how to design functions that minimize the placement of irrelevant ads  , especially when the relevant ones are not available ? For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. , 1994; Thompson  , 1990. The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b. As far as we know  , this is the first work to incorporate the factor of retrieval effectiveness of search engines into the task of federated search. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. An extremely-effective OOV term sj LRMIR 0 is the term whose semantics cannot be recovered well r1 0. For example  , Arguello et al. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. All these observations  , however  , have to wait for experimental confirmation. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. To preserve the quality of results  , a distributed search engine must generate the same results as a centralized implementation. Classification results were similar for a number of prediction models. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. The set of definitions is kept in data base for providing this possibility. This overhead is significant even though most of the index pages above the leaf level are cached in memory. This search engine recommender SER utilizes that the HTTP referrer information typically contains the search terms keywords of the user KMT00. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. From the 259 ,794 sites in the data set  , the leaf nodes were removed  , leaving 153 ,127 sites. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Further  , more than one query block can be nested under the same parent query block. Therefore  , the length of the LSTM for TDSSDM is 14. , using Keizai 4  , Mulinex 1 and recently MIRACLE 3. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise location similarity information. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . For example  , a search for books by keywords case 2 includes both a search by title case 4 and by author case 5. , do not allow online update of parameters. Each participant was assigned to search three queries in a block with one system followed by three queries with the other system. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. We matricize X in Mode 4 to generate matrix X 4 ∈ R t×ula . The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. The structural function inlining yields an optimal expression for a given query by means of two kinds of static optimization  , which are horizontal and vertical optimizations. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. Connections is composed of two main parts: context building and search. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Finally  , simulation results and performance considerations are presented for the power line maintenance application. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. We also presented a method of translation selection based on the cohesion among translation words. 5–6  , green. for sequencing have their usual meaning. Focused crawlers are programs designed to selectively retrieve Web pages relevant to a specific domain for the use of domainspecific search engines and digital libraries. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. U Here the transfer function of the motor-gear system and the controller are replaced by a simplified system for conciseness. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. In contrast  , in this work  , we apply a different method of changing the document ranking  , namely the application of a perfect document ranking. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. , roads  , parks  , schools to permit locating them by alphabetic search rather than scanning the entire map; they are creased to permit folding to fit in a small space  , while at the same time allowing two far-away locations to be placed next to each other; they can be marked  , annotated  , and stuck with pins to record long  , complex routes and mark one's current location on that route; and the color scheme can be " dimmed " on parts of the map to indicate they imated maps allow the map user to dynamically choose what is zoomed and how much  , what is dimmed  , and what features are displayed on the map  , permitting a higher level of customization than informal actions like folding and marking. This is because our instrumentation introduces additional conjuncts in the path conditions  , occasionally making constraint solving harder. , the formula without the normalization factor and the exponential function. Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. Similarly  , WISE highlights the On 2  worst-case of Quicksort  , while the average-case complexity is only On log n. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. , near cognates. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. Our method does not require any labeled training data. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Stage 5: The number of runs could not be merged in a single step and the sort is performing intermediate merges during this stage. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. Due to the ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space  , hash-based methods have received much more attention in recent years. Recommendation pages include various lists of books and recommendations with links. We discuss related work and future directions for this research in Section 5 and Section 6  , respectively. M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result. It has been shown that the ability to execute this volume of queries allows the error rates of evaluation measures to be examined 2. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. The pattern symbols are: The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. When applying a table search query  , end-users will receive a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results from them. As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. The three-dimensional space contained in the cube see Figure 2 represents the semantic continuum where the origin 0 ,0 ,0 is a purely syntactic search  , the point with coordinates 1 ,1 ,1 is a fully semantic search  , and all points in between represent search approaches in which semantics is enabled to different extents. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. For K = 0.5  , the transfer function reduces to To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. For the parts in Figure 14  , going from top to bottom  , left to right  , the sensor-based planner took an average of 0.192 secs  , 1.870 secs  , 0.756 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.224 secs  , and 0.188 secs respectively on a SPARC ELC. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. For each transaction  , T i   , if its summary itemset SI Ti is not empty  , we sort the items in SI Ti in lexicographic order and insert it into the prefix tree. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. The top part shows the selected book's meta-data: its author  , title  , year of publication  , domain  , where it was obtained  , etc. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. Since the evaluation of the entire ensemble is critical for the reweighting step on the next iteration  , and the previous ensemble state may be already overfitted  , the errors may be unwittingly propagated as the random forest is built  , being not robust to such high dimensional noisy data. Instead  , these formulas express the execution time not only as a function of the time to perform elementary operations e.g. For users who did not transition to a condition at any point in their log data  , we used and subtracted a random number of days from 1−7 days from that data. Overall  , 30% of Search Quality sites and 50% of Safe Browsing sites rank low enough to receive limited search traction. 1 We evaluate two deep learning solutions for TSC: a standard CNN and a bespoke CNN for TSC. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Each region is assigned a degree of coherence that is based on visual properties of the region including fonts  , colors and size. The best combination of them is used for our Chinese monolingual IR. After the sparse codes for all training data are obtained  , an eigensystem of a small matrix Q ∈ R K×K is solved in OK 3  time to obtain the projection matrix W and corresponding hash functions. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. Hereto  , we apply Laplacian pLSA 6 also referred to as regularized topic models 24   , using the document similarities given by Eq. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. Kinematics modeling plays an important role in robot programming and control. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The application of random techniques in trajectory design is also seen in 13 . In the context of deductive databases. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. C while the case of uncertain-membership will be labeled by L = {−1  , +1}. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. We initially clone the live object set to know what it was set to before we begin walking the object graph. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. Given a database of sequences S  , a query sequence q  , and a threshold   , similarity search finds the set of all sequences whose distance to q is less than . After finding all the data points within the hypersphere   , these points have to be grouped into segments. Then we turn to QSQR which has recently been introduced for handling recursive axioms in deductive databases by Vie86. Recent investigations that employ a user's search and browse actions to influence search personalization include those based on: a user's location 1  , a user's history of search activity 25  , the ability of a user to read at differing levels of complexity 8 and patterns of re-finding the same search result 31. Space asks the user to define this mapping. The nested loops join methods ar ? Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. While function inlining has been used in the programming language community  , our function inlining differs significantly in that it inlines a structurally  recursive function with the guidance of type information. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. DBGD is stopped automatically after 40 ,000 iterations  , or if no improvement has been found after 20 random pertubations. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. , they are most words or phrases. It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. We calculated Pearson correlation by using SPSS software. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. We discovered that CLARANS is approximately 15 times faster in our configuration than in the configuration specified in Est96 for all data sizes. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. For each FSM  , a shortest path problem is solved simultanously  , stressing a dynamic programming approach. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. Fig. Folding-in is based on the existing latent semantic structure and hence new terms and documents have no effect on the representation of the pre-existing terms and documents. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. Our method resulted in a precision of 42.10% and the baseline came in third with a precision of 30.05%. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. In some cases  , where the density among clusters differ widely  , there is not even a single set of parameter values for and M inP ts that allows to extract the real cluster structure of a dataset for DBSCAN 8. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. For the velocity loop  , the transfer function is: Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. Initial studies have concentrated on the single flexible link. The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. Likewise  , the functions corresponding to E ↓ take an arbitrary XPath expression and a list of contexts as input and return a list of XPath values which can be of type num  , str  , bool or nset. A pseudo-random approach was used to insure that all topic and system order effects were nullified. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. We decide to set γ to a fixed value that generates reasonable diversification results  , using γ = 10 in all our experiments. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. Depth Firat Search DFS and Breadth First Scorch BFS are examples of this class. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. As for reranking factors  , CFrelevant documents had the most positive effect  , followed by OSW and CF Terms. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. In the following  , we present our implementation of the different GP operators on link specifications and how we combine GP and active learning. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. For each item participants were given a brief summary and asked to provide up to five search queries to search for similar items. For these tests  , the ceiling was left off to aid in viewing  , but would in practice provide information for the fitting routine. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. The quadratic term in 1 maximizes the distance or " margin " between the bounding planes. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. Property 2 shows how the n-cube can be used to simulate the behavior and function of the RMRN ,. This was due to problems with the data  , especially the lack of exhaustive relevance judgements. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. x 1 ,k  ,y 1 ,k  and x 2 ,k  ,y 2 ,k  are the positions of robots 1 and 2 at each instant k and i b 1 . When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. SQL/D& OBE.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. In such a case  , thanks to using date windows  , the alignments could be extended without the need to discard old pairs. The other is the effect of the coordinate transforma­ tion Zi+l = Xi+l -cq X i on the Razumikhin con­ dition. However  , according to Figures 1g and 1 e  we can see that when comparing averaged values the behaviour of the contribution metric is not random  , instead it is clearly correlated with citation counts. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. , ridge regularization. To verify the transfer function of the link in time domain  , a step input of 75 volts was applied to the actuator. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: section 2 discusses the approach for computing alignments. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. Therefore  , the only parameter to%e estimated and used as input t ,o the fuzzy controller was the fundamental frequency of the beam. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. Our experiments exposed three previously unknown bugs  , two of which were already fixed. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. Cost-based query optimization was introduced in SAC+79. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. In the probabilistic setting of PLSA  , the goal is to compute simultaneous estimates for the probability mass functions P5 over f~ for all 5 E ~. The dates of death serve as a baseline since they are likely represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. Observe that the minimum staleness level achievable on the random data set is much higher than on the high-quality data set. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. For example  , when students conducted a search  , the system log included information about the time when the search is conducted  , the search terms used  , the search hits found  , and the collection that was searched. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation. Since there are only finitely many sensor measurements  , we have to consider only finitely many candidates. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. Knees et al. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. Second  , we model advertiser behaviors using a parametric model  , and apply machine learning techniques to learn the parameters in the model. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. Similarity measures that are based on co-occurrence in search sessions 24  , 12  , on co-clicks 2  , 10   , or on user search behavioral models 6  , 18  , 9  , 21  , are not universally applicable to all query pairs due to their low coverage of queries  , as long tail queries are rare in the query log. An alternative to template based matching is fitting of a motion model to a gradient field the motion field. That implies that representing the sentiments with higher dimensional probability vectors allows S-PLSA to more fully capture the sentiment information   , which leads to more accurate prediction. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. "  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. As shown in the following experiments  , the best model on current data may have bad performances on future data  , in other words  , P M  is changing and we could never estimate the true P M  and when and how it would change. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. It is interesting to observe that batch size equal to 1/2 day gives the best performance. This work tests the hypothesis that term diagnosis can effectively guide query expansion. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. A basic XSLT program is a collection of template rules. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. Figure 1shows an example of Google image search 1 . Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. Search Pad is a feature of Yahoo! An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. Because calculation of the viscosity and other behaviors of ER fluid would be too complicated  , a velocity response model has been determined experimentally. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. This implementation is transparent to the application program  , and has the same semantics as an ordinary character string object. Vector-space search using full-length documents is not as well suited to the task. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Then the transfer function is obtained as shown in Fig. Futher research o n similarity search applications should elaborate the observation that the notion of similarity often depend from the data point and the users intentions and so could be not uniquely predeened. Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. Guyon et at 10 used Support Vector Machine methods with Recursive Fea­ ture Elimination RFE for gene selection to achieve better classification performance. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. The keys for base relations Supplier and Customer s suppkey and c custkey respectively propagate through their associated Sort nodes  , as do the functional dependencies implied by these keys. Learning. The dynamic queries interface Figure 2 provides a visualization of both the query formulation and corresponding results. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Two variants are proposed: 1 average-based regularization that targets to minimize the difference between a user's latent factors and average of that of his/her friends; 2 individual-based regularization that focuses on latent factor difference between a user and each of his/her friends. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. Finally  , we conducted extensive experiments on Freebase demonstrating the effectiveness and the efficiency of our approach. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. The students who only used the digital libraries were more involved in activities such as conducting information searches  , skimming a website to locate a piece of specific information  , and copying information from the websites—activities that provide less opportunities for deep learning to occur than the high-level cognitive activities performed by the IdeaKeeper students 5. Advanced features can be inferred using rulebased approaches or machine-learning approaches. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. The task in the CLIR track is an ad hoc retrieval task in which the documents are in one language and the topics are in a different language. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. First of all  , we present the Pearson correlations between MCAS scores and all the independent variables in Table 1to give some idea of how these factors are related to MCAS score. We prove several important properties of the finger within this framework. Further  , optimizations across data sources cannot be performed efficiently. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. A* is efficient because it continues those trajectories that appear to have the smallest total cost. The random testing phase of hybrid concolic testing can enter garbage text into the buffer easily thus enabling the line deletion command. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. This is the well known straight insertion sort. For this purpose  , first  , a transfer function maps from possible voxel values to RGBA space  , defined by colors and opacity red  , green  , blue  , alpha. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. In this paper  , we select the monolingual query similarity measure presented in 26 which reports good performance by using search users' click-through information in query logs. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. These characteristics also impact the optimization of queries over these sources. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. Each grasping action corresponds to an orientation of the gripper. When using enhancements  , the interfaces of components should provide only a minimal set of operations  , because it is easy to add additional operations. , feature-based index to assemble an approximate match. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. As mRMR takes into account redundancy between the indicators  , this should not be a major issue. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. Next we describe the language model based RTR model in detail. These results indicate that query expansion with rsui works well for Japanese text. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. The columns in the tables show enumeration  , mapping  , and total optimization times  , estimated execution co&! The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. None of the classical methods perform as well. Then  , a support vector machine 32 is used to compute the relevance score of these sections 2 Note  , this is different from HTML frames. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. However   , as the number of robot DOFs increases  , the set of assembly configurations may become factorially large and the exhaustive search becomes undesirable. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. To address the issue of intolerance to false positives  , we consider only the top ten ranked method invocations reported in the diagnosis reports; the rest is ignored. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. Such a technique can be extended to more complex situations with larger number of unknown parameters and system states. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. , γ j . The most significant one is SQ with the average R as large as 91.189 compared with other BT strategies. We call the proposed model the S-PLSA + model  , in which the parameters are estimated by maximizing an approximate posterior distribution. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? However  , it would be unclear how to choose a good cutoff point on the ranked list of retrieved results. On one hand  , the breadth-first search methods e.g. The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. After submissions began  , the echo Step Five  , multimodal search began  , including predictive coding features  , with iterated training. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. The self-folding time was also relatively short. The task space of the robot  , i.e. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. The most related work is in the area of index design. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from This performance metric is compared with the target value. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. Since traditional active learning approaches cannot directly applied to query selection in ranking  , we compare it with random query selection denoted by Random-Q used in practice. We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. Combining these two probabilities helps reduce the overlap of robot sensory areas toward the goal of minimizing the likelihood of a target escaping detection. Others discuss how different forms of context and search activity may be used to cast search behavior as a prediction problem 5  represented search context within a session by modeling the sequence of user queries and clicks. Another obvious way to deal with memory Iluctuations during the merge phase is to resort to MRU paging whencvcr the memory available to an external sort is insufficient to hold all the input buffers for its current merge step. The image ranked at the first place is the example image used to perform the search. The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. In this paper  , both ideas are investigated. hill there may exist a better solution. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. Predictions for Eachmovie took 7 milliseconds to generate approximately 1600 ratings for one user. If our distance metric D assigns a very small distance between p and q then it will also make sure that p and q are close to the same labels |D p  , α−D q  , α| ≤ D p  , q from triangle inequality. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. Among the search strategies vided by Crest  , we chose the random branch strategy. To allow direct comparison with the retrieval performance of automatic query expansion the same documents  , topics  , and relevance judgments have to be used. There have been many studies on this problem. Phone 1 can make a call from a phone book  , while Phone 2 cannot. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. Along the lines of semantic similarity  , PMI-IR Turney 2001  used PMI scores based on search engine results to assess similarity of two words. Next  , for each theme location l  , we determine the semantic relevance SemRel between l and a candidate snippet s by comparing the " word similarity " between W l and the set of words in s  , denoted as Ws. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. This shows that even if a high-quality MT system is available  , our approach can still lead to additional improvement.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . This model belongs to the " learning to rank " category 8 which learns the preference or relevance function by assigning a real valued score to a feature vector describing a query  , object pair. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. At this point we dispose of a sparse metric reconstruction . Past studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Oard  , 1998; Ballesteros and Croft  , 1998. Ester et al. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. We seek to promote supported search engine switching operations where users are encouraged to temporarily switch to a different search engine for a query on which it can provide better results than their default search engine. In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. , Live Search  , Ask.com  , or AltaVista  , and contained either search engine result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or pages connected by a hyperlink trail to a search result page. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The cost of the path from the reference host  , ~  , to node ~ along a particular path  , Pk  , is represented by f~oPk. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989  , recall 0.798  , and F1 of 0.883  , for Pennsylvania. It has the following components:  A Knowledge Base of search strategies in the form of rules specified in JESS script. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. As mentioned in Section 1  , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information  , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. For centralized joins  , it was found in Blas7h that  , except for very small relations  , 111~ nested loops @in or sort-merge  ,toin methods were always optimal 01. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Overall  , we retrieved Wikipedia documents for 490/500 regular selections and 299/300 random selections. But the use of random reflections has been limited to bouncing. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. this scenario  , ServiceXplorer handles the similarity search of Web services by using EMD as the underlying similarity distance only. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. Random wa l k i s a n a p p r o ximation technique of searching only a portion of the reachable nodes on the execution tree. The transmission of the result of a search back to the delimiter word is a special problem called backward marking. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. , UDInfoMINT. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. This seems a bit low  , so that AP and SDA are probably too dissimilar for such use. , 20  , 5 . Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. According to the method mentioned above  , as a new session is loaded for training  , there are three steps to execute: 1. Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. This work combines the relational features of Alloy with imperative constructs  , control constructs such as loops and recursive function calls  , and full integer arithmetic support. So they exploit partially visual cues created by Web designers in order to help human users to make sense of Web pages contents. Because Clarity computation is expensive  , we calculated Clarity only for a random subset of 600 queries drawn from our original query set. 2 summarizes related works. We start with the performance of LapPLSA using single resources. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. The initial results presented here suggest that a faceted search interface can improve the degree of exploration in broad search tasks. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks. Typical executions in a star schema might involve bitmap accesses  , bitmap merges  , bitmap joins and conventional index driven join operations. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. This overhead is unnecessary and expensive for individuals wishing to get an overall understanding of user opinion. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. If  , however  , any input is already sorted then the corresponding sort operation is unnecessary and the merge join can be pipelined. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. The variational parameters learned in this step The observation likelihood can be estimated by summing the probability that each pixel in the target region does not belong to the model and by using the exponential function  , as in 27  , to obtain a probability estimate. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. A variety of robot tasks can be expressed in optimization terms  , and the concept of Nash equilibria provide a u s e ful extension of optimality to multiple robots. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. , Ohloh Code since both are using the same underlying search model that is vector space model. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. Alignment is based on energy minimization 8 or dynamic programming 9. Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. Query expansion adds terms and possibly reweighs original query terms  , so as to more effectively express the original information need. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. Wikipedia. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. 8: The submitted runs to the Robust track. Finally  , conclusions appear in Section 5. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. In order to improve the retrieval recall we decided to set up a full automatic query expansion module. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. We stop coarsening the mesh before it degenerates and then apply a random initialization of contacts. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. are free of aT  , a u k k f z means of %'-configuration vectors. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. The performance of the AI approaches depends on how much problem-specific knowledge is acquired and to what extent expert knowledge is available for a specific problem. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. A method for constructing the HSS  , a scale and viewing angle robust feature vector that encapsulates these interperson variations  , was presented. , Chinese. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. Semantics-based approaches  , in general  , allow to reach a higher precision but lower recall 11. Another body of work attempts to address privacy concerns differently. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. So  , the GRES service is an interface between users and pools. The second one is PLSA based methods. Our framework is built upon support vector machine  , which has been widely used to analyze OSNs in many areas 11  , 12  , such as business  , transportation  , and anomaly intrusion detection . However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. Further  , we also improve on their solution. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. From the physical parameters as shown in Table 1When we design the stabilizing compensator based on Eq. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. , to distinguish highly personalized SERPs and to discount observed clicks in these sessions. We can compute the consistency between the distribution on topics of a user and a question to determine whether to recommend the question to the user. To leverage this opportunity and address sparseness  , we employ imputation hereafter  , pc-IMP  as we can directly compute similarity between papers and citation papers  , unlike the case of the user-item matrix based CF which requires manual ratings. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. No instruction was provided on search tactics or vocabulary. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. Preferences such as interest domain and programming language  , as well as characteristics of the application being developed along with a ranking method would improve the relevance of the returned results. Fortunately  , sensor images are often observed in a local context: the complete situation is not of particular interest and a subspace containing all necessary information for determining the action values can be found. structure. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. and E-= q ,e3 ,egl. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. Thus  , it is quite interesting to investigate the similarity search with other distance measures and we would leave it as one of our future work. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. , texts  , interviews  , or questionnaires. A graph's assortativity coefficient AS is a value in -1 ,1 calculated as the Pearson correlation coefficient of the degrees of all connected node pairs in the graph. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. As can be seen in the table  , CnC detects all the errors found by JCrasher with only a fraction of the test cases except for UB-Stack  , where JCrasher found few opportunities to create random data conforming to the class's interface and slightly fewer reports. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. , distance. From the week-long sample of search sessions described in Section 3.1  , we generate a dataset for our re-ranking experiments. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. , F k  of data graph G  , in which each fragment Fi = GVi  , Bi i ∈ 1  , k is placed at a separate machine Si  , the distributed graph pattern matching problem is to find the maximum match in G for Q  , via graph simulation. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. The danger in the tabular approach is that it opens the search space further  , but the generality is worth the risk. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Our optimizer explores both kinds of parallelism  , itrtza and inler-operation. Figures 1 and 2 demonstrate the classification performance of OTM and other baseline models. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. However Powell et al. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. This simplification is the standard practice in IR modeling  , as in the ubiquitous unigram language model e.g. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. to any application. The behavior controllers are feedforward controllers which output the original trajectories expressed by the cubic spline function shown in Fig. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. By choosing the structured retrieval approach instead of bag-of-words  , a QA system can improve recall of relevant sentences  , which can translate to improved end-to-end QA system accuracy and efficiency. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " COGENT score showed a Pearson correlation of only 0.3 with coreness labels in this data set whereas the most predictive single feature in our feature set character ngram overlap  , Section 5.1 had a correlation of 0.77. For different parameters  , it calculates the maximum probability that a parameterized model generates the data exactly matching the original  , and chooses the parameters that maximizes such probability. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. The first is how to utilize initial expert knowledge for a better and faster search routine. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. , " Microsoft "  and the partial address  " New York  , NY "   , individually  , the combined query has much fewer high-similarity matches. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. , * arg max Pr |  In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . There are two cases to consider  , corresponding to whether source or persistent variables are bound in a query to an ARC-program. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. There is a number of environments supporting aspects explored by our spontaneous software approach  , like programming languages supporting code on demand and content delivery and software distribution systems allowing dynamic distribution and updating of digital resources. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. In order to estimate Θ  , we generally introduce the log-likelihood function defined as More advanced users may employ the search feature to find the button by searching for its label  , assuming they know what the label is  , and the label is a text string. Similarly  , a control segment search is a search related to the category of the control advertisement. In this implementation the robots initially search the environment to find goal B by random exploration. The techniques that do not attempt to create explicit models must run thousands of iterations on the true robot to find policies. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. Intuitively  , when the result ranking is poor  , the users are expected to spend more time reading Table 2: Pearson correlation between viewing time and whole page relevance. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. 1: the user submits an initial query  , which can be addressed either to a traditional exploratory search system or to a human search system. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. With these challenges in mind  , we introduce Plurality – an interactive tagging recommendation system see Figure 1. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. , a test case that triggers a failure or covers a particular branch/path follows a geometric distribution. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. a set K=100  , and b set K=200. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. More memory is required for sorting the two input tables and the performance of sort-merge join depends largely on sort performance. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. , l  , and in motion planning 2  , 4  , 111. and S C_ F represent an znformatzon state. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. With the vector space engine they employ  , their overall 11pt performance 0.24 is slightly above the one for the search engine we use 0.20. We also wondered whether users from one culture were more likely to choose popular tags. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. These motifs co-occur together very often. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. 'Push Sort in Join': Pushing Sort into a Join applies to single block join queries. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. Comparing figure 10with figure 7b shows that the accuracy is similar to our previous experiments where the exact robot distance t o the obstacle was measured. Stability is analyzed by plotting the Popov curve for the transfer function from A to B . The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. As such  , Search Pad represents the ideal application for us to verify our claim that identifying and using search missions is valuable to users. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. We used it in our comparison experiments. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. , GGT96  , SMY90. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. The definition of an ice-region is recursive through the relation composed-of  , because any ice region may contain other ice regions. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. Compute the search direction. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. It provides two APIs: the internal API  , used mainly by the interpreter and the dynamic compiler to automate the interaction with the isolation engine  , and the external API  , exposed to expert programmers as a package written in the Java programming language. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. BBN supplied us with an annotated version of the English language portion  , where named entities were marked by the Nymble tagger3  , which identified 184 ,723 unique named entities. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. , statistical charts. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. CLIR on separate collections  , each for a language. Different solutions can be implemented: from regular expression matching to search over predefined areas  , up to advanced templating on the informative content of a page. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. During training  , we are looking for a w that minimizes q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y usually added to some regularization penalty like w 2 2 on the model. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. Table 1presents the results. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. The example below is an excerpt from 27 which has been modified to yield an unstable nominal system. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. However  , these systems are not typical recommender systems in essence in that they have not taken users' interest into account. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. At the same time  , changes performed using VE were of the same difficulty requiring a statistically insignificant 7% increase in effort as changes with no #version lines at all &E versus @NONE. For the domain-specific query expansion  , only 36 queries were expanded. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. All terms ranked at or above a given cut-off were used for query expansion and another 20 documents were retrieved. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. Two aspects of the new system can be underlined: the features are extracted without needing a specific key-pass phase  , and these extracted features belong to three different domains: time  , frequency  , and time-frequency more details about them in 1. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. A random subsequence was chosen from the dataset to act as the query  , and the remaining 1023 sequences acted as the data. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. A dynamic programming approach which is similar to the classical system R optimizer 10 can be used to construct the query plan from small strongly connected sub-graphs. Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function by embedding meta data with RDFa. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. , temporal text-containment search 13. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. The strict sentence generation log-likelihood feature in our feature set discussed in Section 5.3 encodes a sentence property that is very similar to COGENT's similarity score: it estimates the likelihood of a given sentence to be generated from the set of all standards of the associated domain in a probabilistic generation task. queries in a search; the total number of documents or paragraphs saved at the end of the search; the number of documents or books viewed during a search; and  , the mean query length per search. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. Hashing 6  , 24  , 31 has now become a very popular technique for large scale similarity search. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. In order to find a winning path  , it suffices to build the graph G and to perform breadth-first search beginning at a start and ending at a goal vertex. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. To motivate and ground general discussion of crowdsourcing  , we will focus primarily upon applications to evaluating search accuracy with other examples like blending automation with human computation for hybrid search. , all-pairs or star and the type of interconnection index used  , we generated 1000 random queries for the Sigmod Record document . proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . Nevertheless  , if the complete exactness of results is not really necessary  , similarity search in a highdimensional space can be dramatically speeded up by using hash-based methods which are purposefully designed to approximately answer queries in virtually constant time 42. Despite this fact  , we can achieve a high precision value of 0.82. 11 selected strongly correlated genes for accurate disease classification by using pathways as prior knowledge. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. 28  proposed a personalized search framework to utilize folksonomy for personalized search. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. To test whether CLIR systems that perform well in the news stories domain are robust enough to simply be used in a different domain  , we have compared SYSTRAN easiest  , most convenient choice that worked extremely well in past evaluation forums and two corpus-based methods trained on the Springer corpus. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. , several superimposed leaves may fall in the same region  , and regions including few points may lead to a relatively large fitting error. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . ST represents a semantic type to which the concepts appearing in the topicrelated text snippets belong. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. Search logs are usually organized in the form of search sessions. An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. , kill_parens to remove parenthesized expressions. The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. Context features are effective through inspecting retrieval results  , but such features meantime suffer from higher cost of computation. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. However  , Facebook Graph Search does not provide any travel search feature. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. For our experiments we used a subset of 7.5 million pages selected at random from a crawl of about 120 million web pages crawled by the PolyBot web crawler 34 in October of 2002. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. To identify friends with similar tastes  , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Intuitively  , the words in our text collection CO can be classified into two categories 1 background words that are of relatively high frequency in the whole collection. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. TRECCHEM defines two independent retrieval tasks namely the Technology Survey and the Prior Art Search. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. Selectors can be used in two places: to pad the initial keyword query  , and to rerank the candidate passages. Section 2 surveys related work  , while Section 3 describes the pairwise profile similarity function. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. However  , we decided to build a new overall optimization framework for a number of reasons: Previous work has considered the optimization of single path expressions e.g. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. Moreover  , they consider nonrecursive functions only  , and even the XQuery core cannot optimize recursive functions 2  , 10  , 11 . Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. All space characters is a feature of a line that would match the regular expression ^\s*$  , a blank line. Considering Fig. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. The server consists of a search engine index  , and a document and terms database. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. White et al. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. where sc is the vector-space similarity of the query q with the contents of document d  , sa is the similarity of q with the anchor text concatenation associated with d  , and s h is the authority value of d. Notice that the search engine ranking function is not our main focus here. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. The complexity of a regular expression  , i.e. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. 0 For a rule r   , we define the function h from the set of distinguished variables in r to the set of all variables in r. For a distinguished variable x  , hx is the variable that appears in the recursive predicate in the antecedent in the same position as x appears in the consequent. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. All of our code and data is available from a public code repository and accompanying website 2 . For example  , in order to discover the expansion term of a query term  , one may need to expand another query term first  , to bring up a result document that contains the expansion term. Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. During sorting  , the Ibis only need to be read once if they fit into the buffer  , or more than once " if merge-sort is required for a smaller buffer. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Our goal is to guess the best rating. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. For each query term  , we expand it by an additional term that has the highest cohesion value with the other words of the original query. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation between their rating vectors. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. LAt is inspired by our earlier observation that page titles are excellent navigational features. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. where N u denotes the friends of user u. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. v Simulation. In the investigation  , we also examine the hyperparameter settings for PLSA such as initial conditional probabilities and zero estimate smoothing in the context of our problem. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. User-provided Mapping. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. 1 Google Trends 2 is a similar resource we can resort to. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. An important initial step towards creating such a system is to determine how to computationally represent interactive games. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. 9 The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. We show the number of states explored by the default search and indicate if the search completed  √   , timed out TO or ran out of memory OM. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. , see Table 1. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . Thus  , our first-tier solution was to devise a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. This basic paradigm makes many simplifying assumptions  , and in particular one might object that it is impossible for a user to choose a page uniformly at random or even to know what URLs there are to choose from. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Furthermore  , the following more-detailed research questions are addressed:  Can ontologies generate added value in query expansion mechanisms  , as compared to thesauri ? The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. To determine the performance of the proposed approach when applied to CLIR  , we have conducted extensive experiments including the experiments with the NTCIR-2 English-Chinese IR task. Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. We focus on scenarios where a user requires a high recall of relevant results in addition to high precision. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. We showed the optimization of a simple query. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. Visual events involve both discrete and continuous changes in the graphical representation. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. Kendall-τ penalizes disordering of high-performance and low-performance system pairs equally. Note that the fitting curve and the average error are shown in Fig. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. In all scenes  , the policies are learned incrementally and efficiently. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. The model representation is learned from data  , and the value function representation is computed. We call this version of the planner Progressive Variational Dynamic Programming PVDP. Let A c be the set of installed apps on the device of composition Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: Yang et al. This paper has focused on the I4 project's sKDD subsystem. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " In an experiment  , titles of 1000 PDF files were extracted with SciPlore Xtract. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. Just as h ~ m a n fingers explore objects in non-random patterns , The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. Figure 4shows an example. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. It is shown in figure 4. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. Query Expansion  Link Crawling: run the query expansion module followed by the link crawling module. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. If the forest has T trees  , then In this contribution we present the " Parameterized Self- Organizing Map " PSOM approach  , which is particularly useful in situation where a high-dimensional  , continuous mapping is desired. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. For histograms the interface would be the boundary bucket which contains the partition; for wavelets this would be the interaction with the sibling. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. The ad-hoc policy results in probabilistic updates  , and a search based on manually generated heuristics and some random actions 23. In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. §This work was supported in part with funding from the Australian Research Council. 14 generate signatures to detect HTTP-based malware e.g. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. The transfer function is then: In our policies so far we have used a ranking function based on join size for determining the order in which fragments are fetched from a loaded platter. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. For paired users giving responses to a few items in common  , the number of non zero elements of vectors becomes small  , and hence  , the resulting Pearson correlation becomes less trustworthy. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. The contents of the bit-stack can be manipulated as optional operations of search or pointer transfer instructions. We define the problem of subset selection in hierarchical clusters: choose a set of disjoint clusters that have exactly or at least k vertices. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The goal of results merging  , which is the second task of federated search  , is to combine results selected from the given search engines into a single ranked list. A specific search engine. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. Moreover  , the number of nonzero elements of user vectors is determined by the number of items that are given a non-nil response by both paired users. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. Generate the set of equivalent queries. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. Furthermore  , they normalize each single search result in isolation  , and do not even take into account if the result is good or bad in comparison to other results from the same engine  , whereby the best result of a very bad run may be assigned a similar normalized score as the best result of a very good one. When the source relation is large relative to the available memory  , the database system may not be able to allocate enough buffers to a sort operator for it to merge all of its runs in a single step. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. For example  , consider the task of recognizing the U-shaped pipe fitting in the left scene of Figure2. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. The plot shows that generally  , the larger the candidate set  , the better the quality. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. The two curves on the right show two stock market charts and their corresponding time wrapping function 21. For each project-investor pair  , we predict whether the investor supports the project prediction is 1 or not prediction is 0. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. Addressing interactive and visual descriptor choice is an important aspect of future work in our project. First we have a search bar where the user can specify a set of search criteria. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. TRACLUS clusters trajectories as line segments sub-trajectories independently of whether the whole trajectories belong to different or the same clusters; for this reason a variant of DBSCAN for line segments is proposed 14. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy  , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. When it receives the request for a sort  , it sends the request to all data sites and merge sites. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. WD " denotes the weitht decay term used to constrain the magnitude of the weights connecting each layer. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! Since all retrieval runs tend to be truncated for practical reasons  , truncation is an important factor for fitting any distribution. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. Note that during optimization only the support structures are set up  , i.e. For both runs the Gene name expansion was applied as described in subsection 3.1. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. Finally  , a machine-learning-based query expansion is applied to testing its effectiveness for searches with CSIs. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. In the following subsections  , we will briefly describe a probability model to fit the observed data. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. In both cases  , such features cause over-fitting in the prediction. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. This instrument contains 14-items describing different search-related activities. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. and in-memory table optimization  , is carried out during this step. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. The emergence of multi-tasking behavior within a single search session makes it particularly complex to use user information from search sessions to personalize the user's search activity. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC  , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. For this reason  , it is not usually used in common applications. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. We rewrote the classifier and distiller to maximally exploit the I/O efficiency of sort-merge joins. A recent example where a major search engine started to incorporate query refinement in its search application is AltaVista's Prisma TM tool 1. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Search tasks formed reflect the following typical search tactics in fiction searching: known author/title search  , topical search  , open-ended browsing  , search by analogy and searching without conducting a query. Section 4 describes the implementation of the architecture  , Section 5 presents the experimental results and Section 6 concludes the paper. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. It is shown by our experiments that each selected URL pattern usually matches with a large number of URLs of the same format. It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. We adopted a pattern-based approach to presenting our specification abstractions because of its focus on the matching of problem characteristics to solution strategies. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. In addition to each sentence's social attribute  , such as author  , conference  , etc. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. However  , only joint trajectories far from these limits will be considered for comparison purposes. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: This might also depend on the difference in separability of the Qrels sets from the entire collection. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. , 74% less than the case of hlm  , i.e. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . For the feature sets  , combining the full text terms  , gene entities and MeSH terms is effective but even the combinations of two of them work reasonably well. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. Our second goal is to apply this evaluation framework to compare three types of crawlers. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. As a dynamic weaklytyped language  , JavaScript is easy to understand and write with minimal programming experience. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. The Search Service. The advantage of the proposed technique is that the controller dynamics are not computed in terms of the system parameters as is the case with self-tuning regulators . There is no other need for cooperation except of the support of the SPARQL protocol. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. , Pj i vi  , with the constraint that j1 + · · · + ji = j. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. By considering assignments as production rules and translating the input specification into production rules  , we can obtain the following grammar approximating the output of the program. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. In our experiments  , after computing the metrics per user  , we averaged the results over all users and reported the results for Mean Average Precision@k MAP@k and Mean NDCG@k. We varied k from 1 to 10 as this is usually the size of a recommendation list fitting a device's screen. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. We show that the new measure predicts human responses to a much greater accuracy. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. ASP  , JSP  , and PHP are typical examples of web technologies that use some form of dynamic page generation. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. A set of intermodel checks between different requirements representation pattern is classed as " incorrectness " . When many records are retrieved in a search more than 40  , formula 2 is used to identify the terms to use for reformulating the search. A subsequent example will illustrate our approach. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. Furthermore  , the number of small SubStNCtureS 1 to 4 atoms can be enormous  , so that even storing only the topmost levels of the tree can require a prohibitively large amount of memory. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro- Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. Also shown are simulationsize inputs for three benchmarks for comparison  , with scores from simulator-based profiling shown in parentheses. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. The Pearson correlation of AP with all four model parameters the row denoted by " Combined "  is relatively high  , suggesting that the model captures important aspects of the topic difficulty. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. After that  , Candidate Page Getter puts them to search engine API. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. Note that the dependence of transfer functions on s is not denoted throughout the paper. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . As shown in the figure  , our approach achieved high fitting accuracy. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications. Daubechies' wavelet. , ow are specified. , until a complete plan for the query has been chosen. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. As the level of pruning is decreased  , the search space expands and the time of recognition increases as indicated by the increase in the RT factor. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. We h a ve presented a novel method for automated indexing based on a statistical latent class model. DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. , bots. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. Our second example ls an extremely "simplified" version of the equally welt-known FACTORIAL function. In this paper we can only show path snapshots; movies can be found at http://www .cs.tamu.edu/faculty/amato/dsmft. The impedance with which a human expert manipulates a tool was identified by measuring the expert motion. The conclusion part is the type of answer expected if the LSP in condition part is matched. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. Then  , the following relation exists between Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. The choice of which weight to update is made at random  , in an effort to avoid local minima in the search space  , but  The configurations usually converge well within 100 iterations . The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. 4 search2vec model was trained using search sessions data set S composing of search queries  , ads and links. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. More isolated " true " examples contribute to its fitness value. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. Major approaches for CLIR include bilingual dictionaries 3  , 7  , 141  , parallel collections 4  , 7  , 10  , 61 and comparable collections 26 or some combination of these. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. Technical terms and proper names are often untranslatable due to the limited coverage of translation dictionaries. The weight function of a chess piece i.e. , the top 1 ,000 search result images from search engines  , and edges are weighted based on their pairwise visual similarity. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. However  , Andrea Arcuri and Lionel Briand found that GenProg often searched valid patches in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts to work. We focus here on the direct use of discovered constraints by the query optimizer. This produces a list where consecutive 2-item blocks are sorted  , in alternating directions. Mapping. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. To illustrate this  , suppose that the merge phase of an external sort started with IO runs and I I buffers  , which allowed all runs to be merged at once as in Figure 2a. The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. Selection rules allow a straight-forward and efficient implementation of recommender selection. , 4 and LD see e.g. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. use a technique based on mapping term statistics before computing term weights 8  , 2  to establish a strong context-independent baseline . Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. The window around a boredom event was classified as 30 frames prior to the boredom rating and 90 frames after. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. Yet  , in the CQA domain  , the differences are vast. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. This suggests that ad groups are very homogeneous   , and we would expect clicks from different terms in an ad group to have similar values to the advertiser. The start point for the crawl is the home page of the target site. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. Therefore  , DTW is a good measure for similarity matching of sensing time series. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. Manipulator vibration due to structural and drive compliance8 has also been largely ignored in the literature on visual servoing. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. If the external ' To implement Quicksort efficiently. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. Previously this differential was constructed using similar folding techniques as the four-bars. The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. Section 3 describes the document and query expansion model. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. For a dynamic system  , continuous or discrete  , one can use system poles to determine its dynamic characteristics. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. Despite the effectiveness of PLSA for mapping the same document to several different topics  , it is still not a fully generative model at the level of documents  , i.e. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. In fact  , a user may have received trending search content but that may be too old to include the search result the user clicked on when doing the actual search  , so a case like this would be recorded as a cache miss. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. In an object like a dimpled sphere such as a golf ball  , the concavity regions are disjoint sets of features. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Besides  , capturing user search interests at topic level is useful to understand user behaviors. These scores were used to rank each potential block of size n starting at each position in the text. Models Table 2. The impact of oracle expansion classifier The identical boolean factors are executed repeatedly over the same data set in the S-Data SteM. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. During horizontal transformation sum_byBA and mergeA are combined by operator L. To translate their combination into an iterative program during vertical transformation  , we generate the new function sum-mergeB ,A which performs merging and aggregation si- multaneously. For example  , the performance with K = 30 is worse than the that with K = 20. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. In this paper  , we have presented a novel method of search task identification based on a generative model for behavior driven search topic transition. Christensen et al. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ. We can characterize a factual task with specific goals as known-items search  , a factual task with amorphous goals as known-subject search  , an intellectual task with specific goals as interpretive search and an intellectual task with amorphous goals as exploratory search. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. Since the number of observations is small n = 31  , we fitted the proposed model with the order q = 1  , 2  , 3 and 4. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. for some nonnegative function T . Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. Normalization of certain AE sensor features such as amplitude and ASL was found to improve classification accuracy over non-normalized features  , primarily due to numerical precision when calculating feature weights β j . 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. A prominent example in which this can happen is a query with a Boolean AND expression if one of the subexpressions returns false and the other one returns an error. A keyword search box is arguably the simplest one to use and is often the default search interface. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. IICHI optimal. In our experiments  , when less than 10% of the hubs were located within the search scope  , no hub routing was involved so that federated search completely relied on initial hub selection to reach the hubs. Voronoi diagrams are surfaces constructed in such a way as to be equidistant from the obstacles and  , thus  , moving along these surfaces  , there is the certainty of not encountering any obstacles lo. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Second  , the mechanism actuates orthogonally over the tip load so that actuators never work in opposition with one another in the way that is usual in conventional robots. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once  , so they must be stored in separate locations. force unloading no saturation Fig. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. A search equation is a boolean expression of search models we use the classical boolean operators AND  , OR and EXCEPT. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. Requirements of database management DB and information retrieval IR systems overlap more and more. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. In the study  , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. , our onset signatures into multiple parts  , and obtains a histogram of time series gradients corresponding to each of them. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . These latter search tasks both presume a very small set of relevant documents. The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. The corresponding mapping from classified hand postures to Barrett configurations is selected offline in advance. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. In this paper  , we take an approach of normalizing entity names based on " token level " regular expressions. We scrutinized the cases when external knowledge did not improve query classification  , and identified three main causes for such lack of improvement. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. , m q } where y qi = r which means i-th pair has rank r. The NDCG score for scene q is defined as 29 The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. Specifically  , Topic 1 well corresponds to the information retrieval SIGIR community  , Topic 2 is closely related to the data mining KDD community  , Topic 3 covers the machine learning NIPS community  , and Topic 4 well covers the topic that is unique to the conference of WWW. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. Image. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. It is also evident that the user interactions during the first two queries could perhaps be used to rank the correct suggestion in n-best on top. In 3   , a learning strategy is used for determining similarity between records. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. WORK This paper proposes a new dimension of flexibility for the architects of large-scale distributed systems -the ability to program dynamic layout policies separately from the application's logic. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. Searching is done by first doing a search in the inverted file and then a sequential search in all the selected blocks. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. Future work will improve our distributed approach by optimizing floating point parameters of central pattern generators instead of discrete action or set-points in gaittables . A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. according to the actual scope for the name. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. This approach is similar to that recommended by Sonnenburg et al. Although printable sensors may lack the robust structural strength and reliability of other sensors  , they have many potential applications such as low-cost rapid prototyping and manufacturing of customized designs in residential homes. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. Given that model  , the likelihood function for the training dataset with respect to one query is as follows. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. In fact  , 25  , 27  validate the overfitting issue faced by random forest models when learning to classify high-dimensional noisy data. CONCLUSION Some aspects of a theory of probabilistic databases  , applicable alao to relational data  , have been outlined. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Figure 3shows the block diagram of the discrete event control structure. Define Wv  , P  , Q as the largest value of W for which the value of the game with initial priors P and Q  , is positive. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. The freedom in choosing a heuristic is very large. This is an open question and may require further research. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. A selection submodule is responsible for using the computed measures to recommend a small set of nearest neighbours to an arti- fact. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. The fully connected AE is a basic form of an autoencoder. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. It converges reasonably close to the optimal solution although it is very slow many minutes. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. The search consists of two phases  , where in the first phase m paths are planned in the joint subspaces using a local search method. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. Furthermore  , these methods have a number of other limitations. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. The thesaurus-based query expansion applies a thesaurus to map controlled vocabularies to user query terms. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. Once these features are removed the remaining point cloud consists of a dense cluster of payload points with a few outliers introduced from dust. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . Section 3.1 gives a high-level description of our general dynamic programming approach. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. The vertical axis is the location of passages in the book with page 1 at the top. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Set of intervals is formed by taking all pairs of split points. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. The next section will discuss the classification method. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. Intuitively  , the search performance depends on the quality of the alignment. In the text context  , an observed event corresponds to occurrence of a word w occurring in a document d. The model indirectly associates keywords to its corresponding documents through introducing an intermediate layer called hidden factor variable }  ,.. , The following parameters were used in estimating the number of segments. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. It is integrated with a conventional dynamic-programming query optimizer 21  , which controls the order in which subsets are evaluated and uses cost information and intermediate results to prune the search space. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. , wk such that n pWi is maximized  , where pwi is the probability of word wi. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. Section 5 concludes this work. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages or sentences. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. Using this approach we can obtain the transfer function of a system. A viable solution must reconcile local scorings for content search conditions  , score aggregation  , and path conditions. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. This is achieved by merging R  ,-4 with whatever is left in R5 to H  , , ,  , appending the result to R  ,-  , " Figure 2c. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. The results will show which values of the likelihood function correspond to valid interval estimates and which do not. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. , recursive function calls  , we follow the cycle until the annotations stabilize. Weimer et al. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? This information can be used for measuring image similarity. The WHIRL system 9  computes ranked results of queries with similarity joins  , but uses an extensional semantics. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Experimental results show that  , while dynamic programming produces the best plans  , the simple heuristics often do nearly as well. If we ignore the structure of the phrases  , we could apply PLSA on the head terms to extract topics  , i.e. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. where x and y are the 100 reciprocal performance scores of manual evaluation and automatic evaluation  , respectively. A feature that appears to account for all these cases is the maximum lexical similarity between the browsed document and any of the top search results. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. On average we have observed slightly higher COV values in ViewSer data in comparison to Eye-tracking. The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. 22  study a number of heuristics for landmark selection   , and report a centrality-based heuristic to work best across their experiments. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. For German  , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . We leave for future work the bias-variance decomposition of the log-likelihood loss as in 8. Our ideological slant measurements are also summarized in Table 2. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. For more information on this approach see 7  , 6  , and 22. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. However. Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. ABET also comes with a library of commonly used transformations  , e.g. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. Presumably  , had it known the search context or search workflow  , it could have provided more useful and focused information. McCarley found that merging ranked lists generated using query translation and document translation yielded improved mean average precision over that achieved by either approach alone 11  , which suggests that bidirectional techniques are worth exploring . Clearly these computations can be done in time 0  m  once the minimum free radii have been calculated. Further   , the search strategy should be independent from the search space 17. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. , and   , we can apply the vector space model and cosine similarity for Type-3 similarity search. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. Joint Objective. After originating with a query submission to a search engine  , trails proceed until a point of termination where it is assumed that the user has completed their information-seeking activity. Despite the two search sites coming from different brands  , the returned results were almost identical due to the nature of the search queries used see Procedure. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. For example  , HERALD provides a hypotlietical join function join-when  , that evaluates the expression join < cond >  , R when D  , S when D. As the granularity approaches zero  , the regions returned by STING approach the result of DBSCAN. , if the expanded text has subsections that were folded  , they remain folded. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. or generated a statement that was vague or unclear e.g. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. This can be seen as a form of query expansion  , where the set of instances represent a new set of query terms  , leading to higher recall values. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. random query selection followed by random document selection for each query. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. This situation is very similar to some cases observed in TREC5&6  , where we encountered the terms such as " most-favor nation "  The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. , " who created wikipedia ? " Submissions that resulted in low F 1 scores tend to have come from approaches that made little use of the Topic Authority's time; submissions that achieved high F 1 scores all made use of at least some of their available time with the Topic Authority. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. Although equation 3 represents a transfer function for the extender position  , the extender is still under velocity control. To explore the impact of spelling normalization and Arabic stemming on CLIR  , we have compared three versions of bilingual lexicon creation for term translation. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. Worse  , some JS variables might not have declared types O5. Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. Instead  , we propose a simpler but less informative measurement model created by integrating over all possible contact positions as a function of object pose: 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. where w denotes the combination weight vector. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. They proposed a similarity measure that uses shortest path length  , depth and local density in a taxonomy. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. Even the proximity of one search string found within a specified number of words to another search string increases the probability of correlation between the search strings. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. Some studies focus on using an external resource for query expansion. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. Therefore defining the semantics of an SQL query by translation into relational algebra and relational calculus opens up new optimization oppor- tunities: -The optimizer can investigate the whole query and is no longer constrained to look at one subquery at a time. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. Most cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems work by translating words from the source i.e. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3  , CQA : 0.7}  , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability  , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. Journal Search. A close analogy can be drawn between the relative benefits of quicksort  , which has worst case O  n 2  performance  , versus merge sort  , which has worst case On1ogn; quicksort is preferred for its faster expected execution time. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. , with Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.15 in relation to the functional size by 'function points' and 0.100 for the size in 'lines of code'. Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. From this state all possible actions are evaluated using , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. Once the SFL system has been nondimensionalized  , a nondimensional controller can be designed to meet the nondimensional performance specifications. That is  , similar prototypes are near each other on the map. , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Path finding in static or partially changing environments is described in section 4. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. If the handles were clustered randomly  , direct mapping performed a little better than both hashing and the B+-tree because it used significantly less disk space about 30 ,000 pages. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. For this reason  , we discriminatively train our model to directly maximize the evaluation metric under consider- ation 14  , 15  , 25. For ICTNETVS1  , they calculated a term frequency based similarity score between queries and verticals. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. A detailed model of the tyre friction forces was incorporated in the simulation. E.g. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. The MCMC technique iteratively produces successive samples containing border points from the previously identified borders. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Participants were given ten minutes to complete an instructional planning task; one task was used for each of three search tools: Google.com; NSDL Keyword Search  , and NSDL Science Literacy Maps. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. The result of a search is a list of information resources. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Query-biased similarity also helps the breadth-like browser but to a lesser degree. Kamali et.al. To address this discrepancy  , we now extend the topic-driven random-surfer model as follows: That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. One possible choice  , based on the language model  , is the clarity score7  , but it is more difficult to implement. Search sessions of the same searcher i.e. An optimal partition can be computed in Θn 2  time and space by solving a variant of dynamic programming recurrence introduced in 4 . Using service descriptions provides a powerful way to dynamically add and remove endpoints to the query engine in a manner that is completely transparent to the user. Many researchers including Caiani et al. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Finally  , Section 6 concludes. These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. , for all k  , d i ,k ∈ li  , si. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. PLSA assigns extremely large close to 1 pθ|d of the topic " windy " to Delaware  , and " hurricane " to Hawaii. The Matrox Imaging Library in version 6.0 provides a smart search technique that repeatedly halves the search region into smaller and smaller portions. Step 5 is improved using a model selection criterium to mitigate the over-fitting problem. In the paper of Wang and Vidyasagar 5  , it is shown that an alternate transfer function can be chosen which has the property that  , if a given beam is sufficiently rigid or if the hub inertia is sufficiently small  , the transfer function is passive. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. , x k  only if there are exactly two non-leaf nodes x i   , x j . We execute breadth-first-search from s up to k levels without visiting t  , while keeping track of all paths formed so far. A vision servo control for a robotic sewing system has been described. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. In our experiment  , we crawled 3 ,000 pages at each site. – Overlapping: there are more than one set of axioms that are needed to produce an inconsistency in an ontology and they are interweaved with one another. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. All " real " plan operators within a block access their relevant information via the opennext-close interface of the LAS cf. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. The only exception is the combination of the click logs and the Web ngrams. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. This causes a significant improvement in the classification performance  , especially when path and non-path have similar color features. However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. This suggests that a generally more reliable group is more likely to be reliable on a particular object. Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. Only the definition of windows over the data streams and the new triple pattern operator need special rules. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. Also relevant are the XSD inference systems 12  , 20  , 34 that  , as already mentioned  , rely on the same methods for learning regular expressions as DTD inference. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. A particular classifier configuration can be evaluated over a set of over 10000 images with several lights per image by a few hundred computers in under a second. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. In a study comparing reading digital documents on a tablet with reading a paper  , the authors point out " lightweight navigation " features present in paper that are missing in their tablet interface. We expect that using query expansion in both collection selection and retrieval stages will eliminate this problem and further improve retrieval performance. The subweb definition corresponding to the search topic is used to rerank the search results obtained from a search engine. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. This is because the optimal choice for Q i→a is irrelevant to the one for Q i.e. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. , the text that describes the software name e.g. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. For each window size seven  , 15  , 30  day  , we calculated the average role composition of each forum and measured the Pearson correlation between each pair of vectors and recorded the significance values. In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. The trade-off parameter c of the Support Vector Machine learning was set to 1 in all experiments. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. Applying the same fitting procedures described in Section VI-D to the torsion free case  , we first determined a tip error of 24.78 mm 54.32 mm maximum. A leaf node l stores a distribution P l c over class labels c. This distribution is modeled by a histogram computed over the class labels of the training data that ended up at this leaf node. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. For the Jaccard function  , the LSH scheme that we use is the min-hash 12  , 8  function  , which are designed originally for binary vectors. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . The basic mathematical models of both photo and acceleration sensors are simply a 2 Focusing on the acceleration sensor  , using parameters inferred the datasheet for accelerometer ADLXSO provided by Analog Devices 2. Using user-driven query expansion  , we help users search images in a focused and efficient manner. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. However  , MF approaches have also encountered a number of problems in real-world recommender systems  , such as data sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability . , 11 . The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. In our example  , the only entry of the graph is " Floor- Request " . 6. An inverted file is a collection of posting lists  , stored on a storage medium supporting random access. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. Some major robotics motivations for the study of the path planning problem are the paramount importance of efficient motion planners in the realization of highly autonomous robots and in the applications of robots in manufacturing  , space exploration and environment hazard cleaningup. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. The question type is identified for a group of question cue phrases. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. Many questions need to be answered. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. With regard to the generation of link specifications  , some unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. Timestamp is the compile time of the query and is used to prohibit learning from old knowledge. Comments represent a candidate items. The proposed model has a similar general structure to the author-topic model  , but with additional machinery to handle the distribution of breaking news  , friends' timeline and background words respectively. , overfitting and can hardly generalize to unseen documents. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. In particular  , the ordering structure in the parameter setting is revealed clearly by LHS. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. We show further evidence for this statement in Section 4.4. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. The RNN implements a dynamical mapping between end-effector positions u and joint values q. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. Many participating research teams reported results for word-only indexing  , making that condition useful as a baseline. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. SIGIR '99 6/99 Berkley  , CA  , USA 0 1999 ACM l-5611%096-1/99/0007. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. A positive value means that nodes tends to connect with others with similar degrees  , and a negative value means the contrary 29. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. This could bc used cvcn with other join methods like nestedloop and sort-merge. Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. This period is defined as a search session. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. The approach also substantially outperforms a highly effective fusion method that merges the results of the strong and weak search engines. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. Decrement the utility of entries in T b i that correspond to the property values identified for a worst . Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. As the first click model for QAC  , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. The translationall velocil.ies matched well  , but the measured rotational velocities were much larger than predicted. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Thus  , if the cost function for uniform deposition variation in film thickness or The parameter K acts as a weight for indicating the relative importance of total film accumulation in the cost function. How to publish geo‐data using Triplify ? A UI design pattern describes a single unit of functionality delivered through a group of UI widgets 3. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. Approximate solutions can be found by adjoining the constraints with a penalty function 13. In the second view  , however  , the surfaces can be distinguished  , and  , using the segmentation procedure  , separated  , and fitted by a surface model. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. Configuration of the system can be achieved by users without deep robotics knowledge  , using kinesthetic teaching to gather training data intrinsically containing constraints given by the environment or required by the intended task. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. The force commands should be sent to actuator through D/A converter modeled by putting the transfer function in Eq. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. The objective is to identify features that are correlated with or predictive of the class label. Our preliminary study shows that precision and recall of the system improve after integrating the new query expansion module. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. In particular  , Pex flips some branching points from previous runs to generate test inputs for covering new paths. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. Adding new documents to the refined path index is accomplished in two steps. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. As a result  , top performing systems in TREC e.g. However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. XAP/l's Search Executive uses a simple form of the A* search to find an optimal plan. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Combined lenses re-ranking with results re-ranking or query expansion improve lenses re-ranking performance. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the Forward selection starts with a simple model usually all variables independent and iteratively adds terms accepting more complex hypotheses  , so long as there is sufficient evidence to accept new hypotheses. This prevented us from effectively exploiting similarity based on topic distributions with some queries. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. For example  , in test-small  , 80% of the relations were small relations  , 10% were medium and 10% were large. For i < j  , we can calculate its value with dynamic programming. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. A technique that can be used to alleviate the impact of the above problems is by identifying phrases in the query and translating them using a phrase dictionary. The focus of our paper is on the problem of linking sentiment expressions to the mentions they target. Other hyper-parameters for these methods were optimized through random search 41. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. Another approach is to model random walk on the click graph 13  , which considers a series of interactions within a search page  , but not session-level context or behavior information. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. In the case of the tokens in columnˆficolumnˆ columnˆfi75  , notice that the tokens " 8 " and " D " match distinct leafs in the Regex tree and the deepest common ancestor corresponds to the node whose regular expression is " \w " . CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. This is logically equivalent to applying the permutation to all the tokens in the second block before running RadixZip over it. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. , 2000 are some exemplars of Word Vectors. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. as in Table 1  , represent a broader  , less structured category of search behavior. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. The standard approach to document collection and indexing on the web is the use of a web crawler. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. The outputs are then used as input to a Support Vector Machine  , that combines optimally the different cue contributions. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. When models are incorrect  , a local optimal policy may be planned which will affect the exploration in the environment  , because the agent may attempt to exploit the planned greedy policy as using non-active exploration action selector. More recently the generalized vector space model has shown good potential for CLIR 6. First  , given a relatively long publication title  , if we use exact string match  , search engines can hardly find any results. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. To measure prediction quality  , we follow common practice in work on QPP for document retrieval 2. Thus  , though there has been some interest in the past especially with respect to handling variation and normalization of transliterated text  , on the whole the challenge of IR in the mixed-script space is largely neglected. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. In the first generation  , the population generator will generate n crossover points  , i.e. In other words  , an inherent characteristic of the design and use of microworlds is their dynamic nature. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. , 4  , 27. Character recognition is conducted using template matching. Scaling up this approach to manage change in large systems written in complex programming languages is still an open research problem. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. Mimic 15 aims to synthesize models that perform the same computations as opaque or obfuscated Javascript code. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . For example  , configurations in which the flaps of the box fold over other flaps. There was some suggestion in the results that the three-way triangulated queries may have outperformed the direct translation. In our previous research about digital libraries 1  and large digital book collec- tions 2  we proposed three general metrics  , i.e. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Finally  , although we only discuss similarity search with PLA over static time-series databases  , another possible future extension is to apply our proposed PLA lower bound to the search problem in streaming environment. In experiments  , some methods with good performance but time-consuming can not be applied . We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. Different from the traditional PLSA 9  , S-PLSA focuses on sentiments rather than topics. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. Then  , the number of failures experienced in 0 ,re will be a random variable. Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . Distributed graph pattern matching. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. The columns of each table show the Mean Average Precision  , the Precisions at 5  , 10  , 20  , and 30  , the Average Recall  , the Average R-Precision  , and the number of queries that have been performed. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. The suggested diagnosis terms were added to a query expansion in lamdarum04. 12 and Jones et al. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. For sort-merge join  , which has the time complexity of Onlogn  , there is no easy analytical solution for this case. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Hence users may not be able to see all the photographs actually belonging to that cluster. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. 3illustrates the variation of the redundancy parameter as a function of the time for the three stationary solutions corresponding to z 1   , z 2 and z 3 and the optimal solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. We explain methods that can be used for learning the representations in matching 22  , 10  , 37  , translation 33  , 6  , 2  , 8  , classification 13  , 16  , 44  , and structured prediction 7  , 34  , 5. In 2005  , sponsored search was a $12 billion industry for the four largest search engines 6. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. 11. We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. Following six trajectories for each of ten rooms  , we observe that  , provided GSL is accurate  , the JUKF could repeatedly and reliably track the position and orientation of both vehicles. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". 8 provides some initial answers to these questions  , but does not address predictability directly  , nor does it look specifically at anchor text. " A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. For some researchers  , these observations have lead to the optimistic conclusion that the CLIR problem is basically solved. Summarizing what we observed in our experiments  , we may state that the use of domain-specific multilingual resources for enriching basic CLIR systems leads to effective results. Kuffncr 121 and Nieuwenhuiwn 3. However  , we can derive the more interesting transfer function between actuator position/velocity and actuator force by viewing our system as shown in equivalence. Since the bit vector size scales proportionally to the number of divisor objects  , a large number of divisor objects causes large bit vectors  , necessitating quotient partitioning. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. Proceedings of the 23rd VLDB Conference Athens  , Greece  , 1997 Pang  , Carey and Livny PCL93a  first studied dynamic memory adjustment for sorting and proposed memory adjustment strategies for external mergesort. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. One suggestion was that the library could be divided into different areas: a study area to allow reading or browsing; b librarian area to make enquiries; c games area to play games; d dictionary area to search for meanings of words; and e actual library to search for books. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. Instead of exploring similarity metrics used in existing entity search  , the procedure encourages interaction among multiple entities to seek for consensus that are useful for entity search. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. This is only used to select positively classified test points. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. For each query q  , we set the similarity score with respect to general domain class as 1  , and after normalizing similarity scores with respect to all five classes  , we can obtain a soft query classification. As outlined in Table 4.1  , we used several different query expansions. , less than or equal to the sum of the sub-result costs. However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18.   , we must compute the best recovery action. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. This equation is not jointly convex in w  , s  , and T   , but it is convex in each function with the other two fixed.