, as provided by Solr 2  analyzes the contents of each text page performing lexical transforms such as case folding  , stop-word removal and stemming and creates for each term an index entry with references to the pages on which the term appears see Figure 1   , top. Otherwise  , we cannot tell anything about p. Such a function T would at least be capable of telling us that some subset of pages with a trust score above δ is good. In an experiment  , titles of 1000 PDF files were extracted with SciPlore Xtract. While this is irrelevant to the problem of locating a static object  , it is important when the object is moving in an unknown way in the robot hand. 7b shows that a higher dose of 18-αGA inhibitor resulted in significantly shorter dye transfer distances. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. We utilize a basic likelihood function  , pzt | g −1 i yit  , that returns the similarity RA  , B of a particle's  sized silhouette with the observed silhouette image. This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . In this year's task  , we made a thorough modification to our classification system: a new type of feature  , which can contain more semantic information  , is proposed  , and to generate this feature  , a new recursive incremental machine learning method is employed. It then constructs node sets V r = {v|v  , t ∈ X}  , and V s = V \ V r . The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. In the risk minimization framework presented in 4  , documents are ranked based on the following risk function: Using the submodular function to re-rank the questions retrieved by simple and combined query likelihood language model denoted as QLQ +sub and QLQ  , A + sub  , respectively show better results over corresponding retrieval models for all evaluation metrics. A major strength of PRMs is that they are quite simple to apply  , requiring only the ability to randomly generate points in C-space  , and then test them for feasibility. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. Then  , each particle state is repopulated by randomly selecting from {X p } temp using the function RandP article. When we take the second derivative and collect terms  , we end up with P u ,v∈E cx − xv + b −2   , which is always positive. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. Note that by exploring the low rank property  , the optimization problem is not convex. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. Creating this distance metric is the focus of this paper. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . These promising results suggest that integrating our approach into probabilistic SLAM methods would improve the building of maps for dynamic  , cluttered environments  , a challenging issue that requires further research. Table 2shows show some of the phrase sets extracted from this paper. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. The observation likelihood can be estimated by summing the probability that each pixel in the target region does not belong to the model and by using the exponential function  , as in 27  , to obtain a probability estimate. , version of the operating system. Overlap in passages were removed and the lists were trimmed to the top 1000 re- sults. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. The function of the mapping transitions is to transfer the token' s color c  , to a predefmed color cz  , i.e. , P C1 = 1 | q  , d. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. Finally  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained with this motion planning method. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re x coordinate  , is modified based on the estimated gradient. The PI controller then generates the control signal Us to control the output response Cs referred to the reference input Rs  , and to regulate the disturbance. While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. 11  , its updating can be got as 4 where Fc is Coulomb friction force  , while sPs denotes the position control sensitivity transfer function. 7shows the transfer of center of gravity of Brachiator111 calculated from each measuring point. We illustrate our second example within I-Share  , Illinois' statewide integrated academic and research library system. Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. Kuffncr 121 and Nieuwenhuiwn 3. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. This equation is not jointly convex in w  , s  , and T   , but it is convex in each function with the other two fixed. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. Given a pool of unlabeled sequences  , U = {s 1   , s 2   , ..  , s m }  , the goal of active learning in sequence labeling is to select the most valuable sequences from the pool. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. In this paper  , we proposed a robust  , efficient visual forceps tracking method under a microscope using the projective contour models of the 3-D CAD model of the robotic forceps. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. We explain our choice of the function φ and hence our specific weight function wu  , v by showing that the weight of a matching is proportional to its log likelihood  , and the matching with maximum expected weight i.e. , III In most cases  , origami problems cannot be modeled as trees since the incident faces surrounding a given face form a cycle in the linkage structure. We estimate the relevance of a document d to a query q using the probability of click on d when d appears on the first position  , i.e. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. The parameters of that function are the mean value and standard deviation that we have found in the learning stage. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. For example  , many of the activities that the Reference Model for an Open Archival Information System OAIS 1 places within the Ingest function can be important and valuable to carry out  , not only during transfer to an archives  , but also during system design  , creation  , active use  , within the preservation environment  , during transfer to a secondary use environment and within the secondary use environment. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. To preserve violations of specifications regarding paths in the execution state space  , including liveness properties and precedence properties  , additional conditions must be imposed on the mapping. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. The identified dynamics of the valve  , the Auid  , and the force sensor are given by a 10th order transfer function with two delays. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. In a poker game  , bluff strategy is usually dependent on the card hand strength. controller. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. In the case where a typical low-speed robot is used  , the proposed model cannot be applied  , and the appropriate deformation of the cloth cannot be achieved. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. 8. The detected breakpoints are marked on the trajectory and are indeed located at the folding points  , segmenting the angular position signals at the peaks and valleys of the signals not shown. l. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations  , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. , it is a locking concern container . The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. We explain the difficulty with Gumbel distribution only similar argument holds for Frechet. in  Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. Therefore  , we can conclude that 2500 examples are sufficient to leverage the proposed semantic similarity measure. MRAC was implemented into the real master device system . There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. Our tests showed 1 that style information such as font size is suitable in many cases to extract titles from PDF files in our experiment in 77.9%. Figure 12shows an example. The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. Therefore  , in order to address the problem  , we replaced the undefined values with zeros and calculated the coefficients from this modified data set. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. Given that model  , the likelihood function for the training dataset with respect to one query is as follows. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. In the learning-to-rank approach  , we additionally have the following prefix-global features cf. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. The variational parameters learned in this step Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. The estimates from two methods are very close. , after firing the mapping transitions  , the color of the tokens that enable this type of transition is transferred to the predefined color of other kind. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as Let P s be the transfer function from the input force U to the output position L . They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. The above design specifications can be translated into constraints on the nominal openloop transfer function  , Lojw = PojwCjw where Po@ is the nominal plant frequency response. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. The set of definitions is kept in data base for providing this possibility. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. Each of the expressions passed is EVALed after invoking the data transfer protocol on its arguments. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. 5. On questions QALD-2  , about the same number of queries are improved and hurt. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . The likelihood can be written as a function of Thus  , when no torque is applied it will return to its zero position. Reliability  , availability  , and fault tolerance were identified as primary concerns for the flight control systems of both the Airbus and Boeing. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. It can be seen that the robot arm undergoes smooth transfer between autonomous function and avoidance function aa well as recovering function to cope with the unexpected event. Query Load. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. These functions parameterize the set of different trajectories based on covariances of initial beliefs. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. In practice  , a state space approach is used to relate the measurement and thorax dynamics. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. Often  , scanning more of the scene will increase the likelihood that the scan can be found in the terrain map. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. We have suggested the virtual angle of rotation as an alternative noncollocated output for the control of a SFL. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. , the percentage of right classifications of our approach by realizing all properties occurring in the QALD- 2 benchmark. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. The heating effect  , called the heat content is defined as: In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. For a dynamic system  , continuous or discrete  , one can use system poles to determine its dynamic characteristics. According to this measure  , reciprocal election outperforms folding and maxmin. So the output of the fourth degree as dynamic model can be expressed as equation 5. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. Many-to-Many transforms help to tackle higher-order schematic heterogeneities 18 where information is stored partly in data values  , and partly in the schema  , as shown in Figure 8. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. The focus of our paper is on the problem of linking sentiment expressions to the mentions they target. As these factors are optimized jointly  , one may view the time factor as being the change in likelihood of copying a particular item from i steps back  , depending on how long ago in absolute time that past consumption occurred. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. One major default mode that can alterate this function is the seizing of the pump axis. The measure 4 plays the role of an " information density " or of a probability density function. No matter what kind of controller C we use in Figure 4   , the transfer function GI and the backdrivability G2 always keep the following relationship. is non-proper. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset. That is  , the single quadratic function of 16 is considered to be minimized when |z i − dN i | ≤ β. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. 0 E-Mail when detecting abnormal power consumption of an appliance  , the Watchdog component may need to send the person in charge an e-mail that contains messages about the appliance information  , power-consumption status  , working current  , occurrence time  , etc. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. a X position b Z position utilized The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. This is done easily through the following theorem. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. We form such feature vectors for all synonymous word-pairs positive training examples as well as for non-synonymous word-pairs negative training examples. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. The controller is an 11th order transfer function  , which can not be found by PID control. Pair Potentials. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. 10 is just same as that in the case with the individual increments in isolation. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . This use of skeletal procedures has been used in LAMA lo and AUTOPASS 8 unlike those systems  , we do not simulate the proposed operations to assess their likelihood of success. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . We compute the likelihood function P s|θ   , multiply it to the prior distribution pθ  , and derive the posterior distribution pθ|s. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. Because calculation of the viscosity and other behaviors of ER fluid would be too complicated  , a velocity response model has been determined experimentally. Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. We assume a nicely damped transfer easily be estimated  , since the PID controller is tuned by using these two variables: Since the robot has voltage driven joint motors comparable to velocity steering  , the most important lower frequency range of transfer function of the joint can be approximated by a second-order system with a pure integrator 4. We then examine the explanatory variables in relation to the predicted likelihood of module defect-proneness. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. Underactuated robots have been a recent topic of interest l-71. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person The human operator exerts a velocity step. With active control  , the actuator is backdrivable. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. Any attempts to successfully characterize the intermediate structures or analyze common folding pathways  , either between multiple runs of a single protein or among the results of several proteins  , would hinge on an effective structural representation. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. This can be achieved by a classical PID-controller. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. We remove repeated occurrences of the same input vector and assign the most common label for this input vector to the occurrence that we leave in the training set. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. The first is a distance transform  , where the likelihood  , p d   , of a registered pixel  , v  , depends on its 3D distance to the closest edge  , edgev. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. To verify the transfer function of the link in time domain  , a step input of 75 volts was applied to the actuator. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. An approach for generating and updating the binary vocabulary is presented which is coupled with a simplistic likelihood function to generate loop closure candidates. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. This article defined three cost functions which quantitatively reflected the susceptibility of a manipulator to a free-swinging joint failure. The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. 3 show the magnitude and phase plot of inputoutput torque for three different amplitudes of sinusoidal signal. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. By v a r y i n g t h e frequency of the rotation of the mass  , one can vary the frequency of the imposed force on the end-effector. Another field closely related to our work is transfer learning .  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. Since the value of the likelihood function is small compared to the values in the generic domain   , there is only low confidence in the interval estimates computed for the runs in the NASA domain. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that  , If the decelerations of the two vehicles are close  , from the two previous equation  , we can say that additional risk is mainly resulting of the parameter γT r . To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. We derive a transfer function for the pulling feeder for convex polygonal parts  , i.e. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. The transfer function for the Fy model is: The transfer function for the Fx model is: With this controller  , we have the following transfer function and the backdraiv- ability. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. For the same reason as MDLP  , we denote the goodness function of a given contingency table based on AIC and BIC as follows: Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. A vision servo control for a robotic sewing system has been described. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. which can be modified to account for major temperature variations by changing the numerator by plus and minus 20%. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. The force control for the experiments uses an inner velocity loop. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. Some drawbacks of the identification of single flexible link manipulators using ARMA type models have been previously reported 4  , 51. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . St ,ep 2: Assuming +at8 the transfer function ofcontrolled system P  s  = Tt'PV  , det ,ermine I<s  , which minimizes masimum model error rmur. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. This model completely eliminates the problem of not rewarding term partitioning adequately  , that this paper has dealt with. Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. To ensure the significance of our results  , all results shown are the average of a 10 times cross-folding methodology. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. and L block includes the time delay. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Furthermore  , reference tracking is not a concern as it will always be zero in an active vibration cancellation approach. Consider the links of the 4 bar&structure shown in Figure 5  , with a mass of 0.24 mg/mm length. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. 6. An additional paper layer was inserted between the PSPS and PCB to act as a lever arm and increase the folding torque. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Four popular visual descriptors  , tiny image  , color histogram  , GIST 6  , and CEDD 7  , and topic representation of user annotations 8 are extracted to represent the images in compact feature space. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. stiffness force disturbance 16. For example  , a pattern of a 'term' type is a set of unigrams that make up a phrase  , such as {support  , vector  , machine} or 'support vector machine' for simpler notation. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. Lately  , a more abstract approach   , working with dioids a p p r e d . Beam models calculate the likelihoods by simulating the way rays of light travel through the environment. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. Finally  , we include the results recomputed from the run files of the methods used for evaluation in 2. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from System passivity means that the work is always done by the external force  , without loss of the contact. Then  , the number of failures experienced in 0 ,re will be a random variable. As indicated in lo  , using the minimum force objective function  , the force setpoinl  , solutions for all supporting legs show major discontinuitien whenever the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. It simply says that an obstacle can always be avoided by folding the last link into the workspace W  1   , n -1 which is free of collision by assumption. The key concept is to sample in the mean space and search in the covariance space of robots' belief states. For the velocity loop  , the transfer function is: It assumes a value of 1 if the leg is on the ground and 0 otherwise. Who produced the most films ? For current control  , the servo transfer function of output angle as a function of input current is taken from eq 1 as A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. The transient performance has been dramatically improved as indicated in the error power spectrum as well as the error plot in the time domain. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. The candidate of route is generated randomly. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. Please note that the execution cost could include the cost of transfering parameter data between an execution site and a " local " service. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. Folded testing. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. The technique is also known as φ-folding 36   , a compiler optimization technique that collapses simple diamond-shaped structures in the CFG. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. However   , the improvement of the backdrivability has a liniitation . During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. For larger excursions the output current limits at Z~IABC  , providing the overall transfer function shown in Fig. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. Note that the ffmith's principle can be applied independently of a particular form of manipulator controller and  , therefore  , other form of a manipulator controller can be chosen as well. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. shows the experimental and least-squaresfitted open-loop transfer functions from elbow torque command to elbow motor tachometer and to tip accelerometer outputs using an HP 3562A Dynamic Signal Analyzer for this experiment  , the shoulder motor was locked and the arm is in its unloaded configuration. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. Since the fp-8192 descriptors were also generated by enumerating paths of length up to seven and also cycles  , the performance difference suggests that the folding that takes place due to the fingerprint's hashing approach negatively impacts the classification performance. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. The same setup was used to find the open and closed loop frequency response of the motor mounted on a test-stand and for the Xaxis of the Precision Assembly Robot. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. Therefore  , a combined optimizer must consider re6rercer of algebraic expressions that are dependent from each other. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. Using the Name Authority action in expand mode  , followed by selecting the text in this query box results in Figure 11  , where the query term has been expanded to include the variants Witten  , I. H. and Witten  , Ian H. To handle our real k-gram vectors  , we first transfer each real-valued weight to a binary vector as suggested by Gionis et al. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. The lower part of figure 4shows a double pure integration in the transfer function for the y-coordinate. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Less improvement is obtained here than was observed for the ligand binding because C-PRM mainly optimizes the roadmap connection phase  , and this application spends more of its time in the node generation phase than the other applications studied do. In 5  , as an alternative to ARMA models  , a frequency domain technique has been used to parameterize the transfer function of flexible link manipulators . It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. where x m t  , a m t  , n m t are the input signal  , acoustic transfer function of the desired source  , and noise signal with respect to m-th microphone  , respectively. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. The dotted line shows the average of 50 learning curves where no pretraining on the original reward function had occurred. Fig.7shows the transfer function Gdi ,t  , and fig.8shows the simulation result. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. This behavior can be formulated a s feh= D  s l y e where D-'sl is a diagonal transfer function matrix with all members a s second order transfer functions. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. There are two important functions involved in deriving the grasping plans for a given part. While the former is easier to derive and implement  , the Newton method yields very fast convergence near the minimum. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. Substituting this into the relation for Ci and simplifying gives  , This is still a nondimensional equation. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . Responsible digital curation is much more than preservation of bits. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . We consider the finger as a programmable part feeder. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. This causes a significant improvement in the classification performance  , especially when path and non-path have similar color features. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. So  , the GRES service is an interface between users and pools. To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. All signals within that range are amplified to near the high-end attenuation point. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. Even though these techniques are formally motivated  , they often do not maximize the correct objective function. The same table li\ts the values of several parameters. , τ = 0.85  , that optimizes the performance of the GR denoted as baseline MAX . Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. Ambitious optimizers for sequential machines perform numerous transformations that involve deletion  , simplification  , and reordering of the generated code in an attempt to decrease the program's running time and space requirements. It is known that spatialized sound may increase the sense of presence in VEs 5. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . However  , as software evolves  , the maintenance problems with cross-cutting concerns still exist  , even in the aspectized programs or the programs developed with AOP from the beginning . The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . Based on the experiments described in this article we conclude that our automatic approach to the classification of images performs at least as well as human observers. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. Once the hinges are capable of lifting the weight of the body  , a self-folding robot could transform from a planar structure to a fully operational machine without human intervention. In the experimental paradigm assumed in this paper  , each retrieval strategy to be compared produces a ranked list of documents for each topic in a test collection  , where the list is ordered by decreasing likelihood that the document should be retrieved for that topic. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. likelihood function. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. However  , estimating from one single document is unreliable due to small data samples. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. This equation shows that the contact torque is affected not only by the reference torque but also by the motion of the environment. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. We use the center of the most frequent grid as the word center and follow the center finding step as suggested by 9. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. The ratio of the rotation of the motor t o the input command represents the maqnitude of G a t each frequency. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints.