, at most2 two access methods per rule. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. , section 3.1  , is large. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. The constant k mitigates the impact of uments according to the pairwise relation rd1 < rd2  , which is determined for each d1  , d2 by majority vote among the input rankings. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. In this paper  , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. A click on a particular Stage I  , II  , or III lymphoma case evokes the ad hoc similarity search which results in the interactive mapping suggestion displayed in figure 6. Property 2 shows how the n-cube can be used to simulate the behavior and function of the RMRN ,. The graph pattern included in a SPARQL query is converted into a composition of such iterators  , according to a created query plan. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . They showed that the resulting model is more accurate than its generative counterpart. Figure 10: Join Redundancy -Composite Tuples the new data share many boolean factors. The parameter γ controls the connection of latent semantic spaces. Using a labeled sample of the AOL query log  , we observed an exponential decrease in the likelihood that the previous m queries are part of the same task as m increases see Figure 3. Marking is done according to Definition 2. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. The question of how the relationship between the symbol and the referent is to be established has been identified in Artificial Intelligence Research as the " Symbol Grounding Problem " . , for run files in external merge sort G 03. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. All reviewers had the same experience. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. Moreover  , correlations between queries and collections are extracted over the grouplevel profiles  , based on frequency measures  , while some additional statistics are computed to quantify secondary user actions  , such as selection of Advanced Search Fields  , Collection Themes  , etc. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. In Box 1  , the first horizontal optimization results in a new function call 2 lines 1-4  , 11-13  , and Vertical Optimization is invoked with a pair of arguments  , the resulting expression and the type Section lines 14-15. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. Futher research o n similarity search applications should elaborate the observation that the notion of similarity often depend from the data point and the users intentions and so could be not uniquely predeened. Big gaps inside a hash table may in some operating systems cause large swap files to be allocated   , wasting disk space resources. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. These crawlers are referred to as " deep crawlers " 10 or " hidden crawlers " 29 34 46. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. Figure 10: MaxUpdates depending on database size for different relative frequencies of deletions More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. The sort operator responds by splitting Ihc merge into a preliminary step that merges R  , to R4 into R ,4 assuming " optimized " merging  , and a final step that merges H   , 4 with KJ to X , ,  , into R ,- , , ,. The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. The data set representation that is used is horizontal 2  , vertical 35  , or based on a prefix tree 22. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing Moldovan  , D. et al. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. When the precision at N   , where N is the rank of the current document  , drops below 0.5 or when 2 contiguous non-relevant documents have been encountered  , the user applies content-similarity search to the first relevant document in the queue. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. , 29  to further improve the speed and scalability of similarity search. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. The presented results are preliminary. As a result  , we don't give confidence intervals in this paper. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. The goal for any search is to return documents that are most similar to the query  , ordered by their similarity score. CH3COOH. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. We assume the reader is familiar with the basic notions pertaining to datalog programs 4  , 14. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. The topological map stores only relative information in edges while the metric map contains location of nodes with respect to the specified origin. In Figure 3  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid read quorum. A second way of reranking is to compute for each of the results returned by the search engine its similarity to the text segment and to rerank the search results according to the similarity score. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. between query blocks as an explicit join enables the optimizer to consider alternative methods e.g. The above recursive equation hierarchically performs temporal segmentation of the time series i.e. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. We selected the DRs in the DMS that were marked as duplicates and each corresponding master report. In this experiment  , where external sorts frequently experience large fluctuations in their allocated memory  , the number of runs that an external sort selects for the first preliminary merge step during a split  , whether according to naive or based on opt. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. Large number of items  , that do not fit into the total space provided by the local stores of the participating SPEs  , are sorted using a three-tiered approach. there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? We have shown that the proposed semantic similarity measure predicts human judgments of relatedness with significantly greater accuracy than the tree-based measure. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. BSW97  presents an approach for bulk-loading multi-dimensional index structures  , e.g. The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. Our implemented descriptor supports the similarity notion of global curve shape and is only a starting point. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . In this paper  , we have described a new query language for information retrieval in XML documents. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed image search system  , including the new query formulation interface and the relevance evaluation scheme. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. Otherwise  , we cannot tell anything about p. Such a function T would at least be capable of telling us that some subset of pages with a trust score above δ is good. Finally  , we include the results recomputed from the run files of the methods used for evaluation in 2. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. III tht: current implementation for join with hash-basetl delta access  , sort-when is used to sort R azq impacttad by @  , R , and S as impacted by Si ,Si  , and then 8~ binary merge is used to create the join. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. The real problem lies in defining similarity. We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. Now  , since we actually perform our computations in the domain of the natural logarithm of the likelihood function  , we must fit these values with a polynomial of To compute the cost of a plan  , we built a simple query optimizer T&O based on predicate placement CS96  -our optimizer considered only sort-merge and hash-partitioned joins. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. We assume that the number of items to be sorted  , m  , is an exact power of 2. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. The outliers tend to be inputs in which the user has specified an action in an exceptionally redundant manner. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: We describe different ways to represent the diversity score. Simple time is modified by the defined time transformations to yield segment time  , which is in turn modified by repeat functionality and min/max constraints to yield active time. Given a triple pattern  , no matter how many and where variables are  , all matches can be found by means of one of the indices. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. Crowdsourcing can be used to produce relevance judgements for documents 2  , books 16  , 17  , or entities 5. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Given that a modern search engines appear to be strongly influenced by popularity-based measures while ranking results  , and b users tend to focus their attention primarily on the top-ranked results 11 ,13  , it is reasonable to assume that the expected visit rate of a page is a function of its current popularity as done in 5: This operator can be applied to a relation with a set of points and a relation with a set of regions; it performs a plane-sweep PrS85 to join tuples of the two operand relations where the point is contained in the region. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. In practice four to six iterations are sufficient to achieve a heading space resolution of less than one degree. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. White et al. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? Typically   , in a similarity search  , a user wants to search for images that are similar to a given query image. Thus for both full generality and for tree outputting an explicitly maintained global stack is demanded. In contrast  , opt nttcmpts to minimize cost by merging as few runs in the first step as possible without increasing the number of merge steps. When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. Similarity search for web services is challenging because neither the textual descriptions of web services and their operations nor the names of the input and output parameters completely convey the underlying semantics of the operation. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. Our contribution We propose a new model of similarity of time sequences that addresses the above concerns and present fast search techniques for discovering similar sequences. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. Once the curiosity distribution is estimated  , we can obtain the likelihood that the user is curious about an item with sd  , i.e. Note that there are lg m = 3 phases of the sort  , namely a 2-merge phase to yield a 2-sorted list  , a 4-merge phase to yield a 4-sorted list  , and an 8-merge phase to yield the final sorted list. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. Instead of joins  , the optimiser must now enumerate G-Joins  , and must position G-Aggs  , G-Restricts  , Projects   , and Delta-Projects relative to the G-Jo&. The DS1 and DS2 curves differ significantly: DS2 contains about twice as many documents which contain no popular shingles at all. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. Notice the difference between the scale of the top diagram and the scales of the other two diagrams. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. This accomplishes one of our goals of involving time information to improve today's search engine. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. The error plateaus at the final level of the bounding hierarchy because a lower bound cannot be extracted until the level finishes. So we adopt the variable-length two-way merge sort method. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. This likelihood depends on the class associated to the feature and in general is different among the features. These scoring functions are simple and intuitive  , but we argue that they are not expressive enough to tune latent semantic models for relevance prediction and that they do not use all potentially useful information from the model. In experimental runs  , about thirty threads fetch a total of 5–10 pages a second   , a typical web page having 200-500 terms  , each term leading to a PROBE. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Density-based methods identify clusters through the data point density and can usually discover clusters with arbitrary shapes without a pre-set number of clusters. In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. For example  , given a " query " user ui  , we recommend items by ranking the predicted ratings V T ui ∈ R n ; when n is large  , such similarity search scheme is apparently an efficiency bottleneck for practical recommender systems 33  , 32. , 7  , 8  , 4 . 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. We currently consider whole time series. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. Like external sorts. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. The result images are sorted by ORN distances. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. , 4  , 10  , thus needing more computational effort and possibly being inaccurate. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. In this way  , the dependencies between different types of objects are modeled using the topic z. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. This article defined three cost functions which quantitatively reflected the susceptibility of a manipulator to a free-swinging joint failure. We remind the reader that NL-SORT is essentially a sort-merge join -the child relation is sorted by its foreign key field and then the parent's clustered primary key index is used to retrieve corresponding parent records in physical order. Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. The spatial gradient of this similarity measure is used to guide a fast search for the hest candidate. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. Experimental results are discussed in Section 4 and conclusion is made in Section 5. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. a ,e Without learning: robot expects object to move straight forward. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is The Spider module is responsible for collecting documents from the Web. For this situation  , it is impossible to push sorting down. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. The rightmost thread contains the discussion in hypertext system in the late 80's such as hypertext system implementation Topic 166 and 224 and formal defintion of hypertext system using petrinet Topic 232. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. , Euclidean distance used in many other retrieval methods. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. A load balancing function uses the aux value associated with each RR record to sort the answers in the response's addresses. The order of the answers determines the server that will be used by the client: the client uses the first operational server from the list. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. Comparison with DBSCAN. To illustrate this  , suppose that the merge phase of an external sort started with IO runs and I I buffers  , which allowed all runs to be merged at once as in Figure 2a. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. A second heuristic is to try to prune the number of paths that need to be validated at the data storage layer. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. Stopping criterion. In terms of implementation   , the only difference with respect to non-semantic retrieval is that one probability distribution is estimated per concept using all the images that contain the concept rather than per image. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. Instead of a complete sorting  , merge sort can serve the same purpose and save. Tuples have two operations  , construction and element selection tuple projection  , defied on them in addition to equality based on the equalities of their constituent types algebras. Another liked the " very diverse search criteria and browsing styles. " Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. A hash index on Pub1isher.paddre.w can be exploited by an index semijoin in the bypass plan as well as in the DNF-based plan  , but not in the CNF-based plan. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. Moreover  , they consider nonrecursive functions only  , and even the XQuery core cannot optimize recursive functions 2  , 10  , 11 . In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. We used depth-first search DFS as the basis for PRSS in this paper; we plan to explore the use of variants of breadth-first search in future work. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. The stopping point of the recursion is the second rule for an empty sequence type. with respect to some conventional programming language. The split is then installed in the parent: the old SP for the left page is updated via update pred and a new entry for the new right page is inserted into the parent with the insert function. Even though there is a single continuous period 1993–2010  , it is represented in two different triples that both intersect the interval in the query 1997  , 2003. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. The penalty term has a factor 1 + r e   , where r e is the ratio of documents that belong to event e. If the ratio r e for a specific event is high  , it will receive a stronger penalty in the size of its spatial and temporal deviations   , causing these variances to be restricted. A significant scalability challenge for symbolic execution is how to handle the exponential number of paths in the code. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. Programmers can now incorporate the " loop " predicate in the assertions to check for the possibility or inevitability of infinite loops. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. We also address the efficient query answering issue. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. The problem of selecting a predictive attribute subset Ω ⊆ C can be attacked as a search problem where each state in the search space represents a distinct subset of C 10 . performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. The shared S-only component can now be applied exactly once. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. In this paper  , we select the monolingual query similarity measure presented in 26 which reports good performance by using search users' click-through information in query logs. A similarity score between each place vector from Google Places and each preference vector based on the cosine measure was then computed. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. Experiment 1. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. 1 and Eq. Hence  , to measure how similar two queries are  , we can use a notion of similarity between the corresponding categories provided by the search results of Google Directory. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. For example   , ;a somewhat more thorough version of the optimizer might repeat the original three phases a second time. The Keynote robot can generate a request multiple times a minute  , 24 hours a day  , 7 days a week  , skewing the statistics about the number of sessions  , page hits  , and exit pages last page at each session. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. In this paper  , we propose a deep learning based advisor-advisee relationships 1 http://genealogy.math.ndsu.nodak.edu/index.php 2 http://academictree.org/ 3 http://phdtree.org/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We have described a method to select the sensing location for performing mobile robot localization through matching terrain maps. For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. This objective is not restrained to textual similarity only  , but takes also into account the semantic similarity of classes and properties inferred by the schema. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. M one-pass = 2 x R done + R left  x S. Once the sort spills to disk  , there is no point to use more memory than the one-pass requirement hence  , from that point on  , the sort sets its cache requirement to the one-pass requirement. descendant represents a flatten-structure transformation using descendant axis and constructs a tree whose size is 66.7% of the input XML data. The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . In Section 4.2  , we give a detailed explanation of how we are able to infer that the result of the sort-merge join is guaranteed to be grouped on c custkey. Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. 4. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. Since the grammar productions are carried out in a topdown   , left-to-right fashion  , the grammar will build the output string from left to right. The idea is to create unsorted sequences of records  , where each sequence covers a subset of the dataspace that is disjoint to the subsets covered by the other sequences. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. IICHI optimal. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. An RGB likelihood function is applied to weigh the probability of samples belonging to the hand. Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. For computing the distance between two feature vectors  , a vast amount of distance functions is available 9 . Thus  , if there is no other option  , M&M may choose to ignore its disk queue length limiting heuristic. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. query-term overlap and search result similarity. We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. The normalized cost of a plan is defined as the execution cost of the plan divided by the cost of the plan that uses no approximate predicates. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. As Rapoport 1953 put it  , it is about technical problems that can be treated independently of the semantic content of messages 25. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. This method improves search accuracy by combining multiple information sources of one instance  , and actually is not implemented for cross-modal similarity search. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. , ridge regularization. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. Since the bit vector size scales proportionally to the number of divisor objects  , a large number of divisor objects causes large bit vectors  , necessitating quotient partitioning. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. This method is for validating the efficacy of the most common similarity measure. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. In the context of user behaviors  , the perplexity is a monotonically increasing function of the joint probability of the sessions in the test set. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. One way to rectify this would be to perform a merge-sort of the logs based on their URL  , in order to bring together the various occurrences of each URL. , sort-merge implementation methods. We ran the experiments on a DEC Alpha 3000/400 workstation running UNIX. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. The former caters for controlled access to shared resources. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. Therefore  , their introduction does not alter the set of execution traces specified by the model. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. Recursive navigation. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. Another obvious way to deal with memory Iluctuations during the merge phase is to resort to MRU paging whencvcr the memory available to an external sort is insufficient to hold all the input buffers for its current merge step. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . show informative evolutionary structure  , carrying concrete information about the corpus that are sometimes previously unknown to us. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. In our work we use a simple breadth-first-search routine  , modified along the suggestions in 3  , to find a cycle basis for graphs that are allowed to have multiple self-edges and multiple edges between vertices. On the other hand  , if the focus is to learn the most effective ranking function possible disregarding efficiency   , then we can use a constant efficiency value. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. In order to estimate Θ  , we generally introduce the log-likelihood function defined as Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . The measure 4 plays the role of an " information density " or of a probability density function. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. They assume that session records tell success or failure stories of users who became competent questioners  , given a topic and a search system  , or went astray: a search experience is poised to be rewarding for a 'good' user  , while the experience of a 'bad' user will be negative. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. The cost of the output graph after combination is equal to the sum of the remaining edges i.e. The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. The cost increase for larger values of N are due to the N-dependence of the final merge phase of the sort; for N = 1  , only the first page of each run is read  , while for N = 100 ,000 all pages of all runs are read and merged. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. One problem in judging relevance between a tweet and a linked resource is the tweet is limited to 140 characters while the resource could span thousands of characters. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. This reasoning led Dijkstra and others to advocate the notions Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. Although search for First-max finds the highest similarity using a longer path 77 steps as opposed to 24  , it reaches high quality solutions faster. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. The likelihood function for the t observations is: The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. we perform a breadth first search. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. , 2 I   , which requires huges space for long pattern datasets. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. In contrast  , a content-based information retrieval system CBIR system identifies the images most similar to a given query image or query sketch  , i.e. At the end of the KB Linking step  , we have textual triples which are mapped to KB triples either partly or completely. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . When the source relation is large relative to the available memory  , the database system may not be able to allocate enough buffers to a sort operator for it to merge all of its runs in a single step. We tackle this problem by generating new contentbased features to represent the relevance of a tweet to a given query. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. It is the sort of crawl which might be used by a real .gov search service: breadth first  , stopped after the first million html pages and including the extracted plain text of an additional 250 ,000 non-html pages doc  , pdf and ps. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. Complete data flow information can be gathered for local scalar variables using def-use chains provided by SSA. For the same reason as MDLP  , we denote the goodness function of a given contingency table based on AIC and BIC as follows: Then  , when a user enters a text-based query  , we can extract tags from the query  , rank-order the songs using the relevance scores for those tags  , and return a list of the top scoring i.e. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. These operators include projection  , hash  , sort  , and duplicate elimination. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the future development of large scale similarity search systems. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. In fact  , for some situations Figure 4 d to f  , DBSCAN and Single Link Agglomerative give slightly worse than random performance resulting in ARI values that are slightly below 0. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. ads that do not appear in search sessions. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Two cases have to be distinguished.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. Further  , optimizations across data sources cannot be performed efficiently. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. To summarize   , Chameleon is able to perfectly cluster these datasets  , whereas both DBSCAN and CURE make mistakes  , or are very dependent on the right parameter values to find the clusters. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. These video features include motion features e.g. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. We find that it is more effective than DBSCAN in discovering functional areas in those three cities. For each query q  , we set the similarity score with respect to general domain class as 1  , and after normalizing similarity scores with respect to all five classes  , we can obtain a soft query classification. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. This use of skeletal procedures has been used in LAMA lo and AUTOPASS 8 unlike those systems  , we do not simulate the proposed operations to assess their likelihood of success. TRACLUS clusters trajectories as line segments sub-trajectories independently of whether the whole trajectories belong to different or the same clusters; for this reason a variant of DBSCAN for line segments is proposed 14. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. The hyperparameters of the kernel have been set by optimizing the marginal likelihood as described above. In Section 3  , we provide an experimental evaluation comparing our approach to previous approaches  , such as DBSCAN and OPTICS. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . As any binary string can be obtained with equal likelihood as any Interested readers are referred to 2. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Results show that it can reduce the feature set and the index size tremendously. The first option will perform a diskbased merge-sort join of Rl and R2  , at a cost of 2P * log P + 2P. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. It is noteworthy that versions of MDR and ViNTs available on the Web allow for performing only data record extraction. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. Nevertheless  , some queries require data materialization and/or blocking. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. Suppose that  , while Ihc sort is executing the preliminary step the step with the solid arrows in Figure 2b  , the available memory increases to 1 I pages apain. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. In addition  , source search engines rarely return a similarity score when presenting a retrieved set. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. This is achieved by merging R  ,-4 with whatever is left in R5 to H  , , ,  , appending the result to R  ,-  , " Figure 2c. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. We investigated two popular similarity measures  , Jaccard Similarity and Cosine Similarity  , and our experiments showed that the latter had a much better performance and is used in the remainder of our experiments. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. Figure 2b depicts the influence spread of top-50 nodes. nI be the sizes of samples drawn  , marked and returned to the population and the total number of distinct captured individuals be r. The likelihood function of N and p = p1  , ..pI  from data D is given by For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. We performed a number of experiments on the joined messenger and search data described in the previous section. , defined by frequencies of events in the sample then uncertain measures are simply summaries of several individual observations for each fact. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. In this way  , the work space increases gradually  , one buffer at a time. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. Let A c be the set of installed apps on the device of composition Susskind et al. Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. 10 . without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited. Though content based similarity calculation is an 1 the search volume numbers in the paper are for relative comparison only effective approach for text data  , it is not suitable for use in queries. The proposed method is able to standardize the language used in topics and visits based on UMLS 1 and translate them into a language based on semantic codes provided by the thesaurus. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. The former hierarchy is used to inherit cases  , the latter to compose synonym sets. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. First  , the complexity of the problem is  , in general  , exponential 25 and systematic search through the whole solution space does not guarantee worst case performance. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. Additional regions could be found  , along with additional paths connecting them. For example  , to apply RDBMS for merging XML fragments  , we may need to sort the keys at higher levels of XML fragments first  , merge the XML fragments based on the higher-level keys  , and then sort the lower-level keys for each common higher-level key. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. Table 3shows these results. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. , less than or equal to the sum of the sub-result costs. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. These models are then trained in a discriminative way  , usually with the goal of maximizing the likelihood of data under a parametrized likelihood function. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. , pixel addition that will eventually be expressed in terms of atomic operators e.g. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . We can see that the asymmetric estimator works well when cosine similarity is close to 1  , but degrades badly when smaller than 0. For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. Summing up  , the innovation of our work can be presented in two aspect. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. In the following  , we first describe our sentence model for mapping queries and documents to their intermediate representations and then describe how they can be used for learning semantic matching between input query-document pairs. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. For example   , Sahami et al. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. Two traditional join methods were used for the comparisons: nested-loop join using an index on the inner relation NL-INDEX and a variant of sort-merge join where the outer relation must be sorted but the inner relation can be accessed in sorted order using a clustered index NL- SORT. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. Figure 2 describes the function of each task T k in partitionbased similarity search. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. Even for a small distance between top and bottom levels of the search window  , the number of markings will grow exponentially as the window advances. 8. In this paper  , we proposed a robust  , efficient visual forceps tracking method under a microscope using the projective contour models of the 3-D CAD model of the robotic forceps. To address the challenges involved in searching for web services  , we built Woogle 1   , a web-service search engine. The i-th customer θi sits at table k that already has n k customers with probability n k i−1+λ Of course  , other similarity coefficients could be used m this case as well. For the parts in Figure 14  , going from top to bottom  , left to right  , the sensor-based planner took an average of 0.192 secs  , 1.870 secs  , 0.756 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.262 secs  , 0.224 secs  , and 0.188 secs respectively on a SPARC ELC. There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. where N u denotes the friends of user u. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. In our work  , we use a rule-based model  , namely noisy indeterministic rules 9 which are particularly appealing  , as they can be learned effectively from experience. We utilize a basic likelihood function  , pzt | g −1 i yit  , that returns the similarity RA  , B of a particle's  sized silhouette with the observed silhouette image. We order each items descending on their cos positive score.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. Even though these techniques are formally motivated  , they often do not maximize the correct objective function. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. It can be shown 15  that the constraint maximization problem in step 6 is a concave program and therefore  , can be solved optimally and efficiently 4. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. It represents a very real although often informal set of software repositories for formal "release" levels  , commonly employed by larger software organizations. We discovered that CLARANS is approximately 15 times faster in our configuration than in the configuration specified in Est96 for all data sizes. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. But in fact  , sort merge join does not need to compare tuples on the traditional '<' operator – any total ordering will do. robot and obstacles 12. Thus  , violation to the principle of optimal&y requires further extensions. 2. Using such data presentation i.e. Although the above measure SOi. The cost of adding another query predicate to the MISSk plan is the sum of the time to scan the segment index for the k+1 th predicate  , the time to sort the results by protein id and start position  , and the time to add these results to the segment merge join. Similar trends are ohserved at site S ,. Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. There are research works e.g. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. 31 described a system for Mandarin Chinese voice search and reported " excellent performance on typical spoken search queries under a variety of accents and acoustic conditions. " Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The amount of computation depends not only on the number of parts and how they are interconnected  , but also on the solution to AND/OR graph. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. l'm afraid that this particular problem will be a long time in going away. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Sµqi  , c  , qi ∈ Ω Average character trie-gram similarity with all previous queries in the session Ω. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. 3 http://oiled.man.ac.uk 4 http://www.hgmp.mrc.ac.uk/Software/EMBOSS/Apps/ A part of this ontology  , further referred to as the application ontology  , provides concepts for annotating web service descriptions in a forms based annotation tool Pedro 5 and is subsequently used at discovery time with or without reasoning to power the search 25. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. To evaluate a query  , it first builds a cost model and then decides which optimizations to use  , what order to choose for joining the predicates in rule premises  , and which methods to use for each individual join e.g. Also note that k = 0 represents the static cluster from RANSAC while k = 1.. K is a unique identifier for the individual dynamic clusters found using DBSCAN for the current frame. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. These terms can be obtained using KE techniques that identify mentions i.e. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. Spatial indexing is performed using R-Trees 7  , while high-dimensional indexing relies on a proprietary scheme. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . In the experimental paradigm assumed in this paper  , each retrieval strategy to be compared produces a ranked list of documents for each topic in a test collection  , where the list is ordered by decreasing likelihood that the document should be retrieved for that topic. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. Its first phase is a " crawler " or " spider " that automatically searches part of the Web for caption candidates  , given a starting page and the number of trailing domain words establishing locality so " www.nps.navy.mil 2 " indicates all " navy.mil " sites. The las~ two letters indicate either sort-merge  " SM "  or nested loops  " NL "  join. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. However  , individual phrases and words might have multiple meanings and/or be unrelated to the overall topic of the page leading to miss-matched ads. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. We mainly focus on similarity search for numerical distribution data to describe our approach. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. We use the center of the most frequent grid as the word center and follow the center finding step as suggested by 9. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. The modifier for class R contains one real data member  , i  , and three member functions  , A  , B and C. The modifier is combined with P under the inheritance rules to get R. Data memberfloat i is a new attribute in R since is does not appear in P. Member function A that is defined in M  , is a new attribute in R since its argument list does not agree with A's argument list in P. Member function A in P is recursive in R since it is inherited unchanged from P. Thus  , R contains two member functions named A. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. Image tag re-ranking becomes an interesting topic in research community 2 and industry. We propose the following two definitions to measure the quality of density in DBSCAN. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. , a group of people who use a special-interest Web portal or work together could enhance search. The Match operator finds approximate matches to a query string. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. Kisilevich et al. We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . Search complexity refers to the number of steps taken to initially locate a goal state. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. We call this the root dataset. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. I. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. Our Three Part Coding TPC approach uses a Minimum Description Length MDL 7 based coding scheme  , which we explain in the next section  , to specify another penalized likelihood method. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. If a call graph contains no cycles  , it is guaranteed that all functions in the call graph will be annotated. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. The number of execution plans explored by the optimizer depend on the' applied search strategy. An MPEG-7 description contains low level features to be used for similarity search  , conceptual content descriptions  , usage rights  , creation time information  , etc. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. Therefore  , we used only the MeSH-CD indexing strategy and the Metamap strategy for building the queries. The motion model reflects a behavior that the evaders are likely to exhibit throughout the run. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. We show how the transformation intertwines both functions yielding a program which computes the aggregate function while sorting. The discrepancy of 6.5-6.1 = .4 articles/search is made up of articles which NewsTroll did not judge to be related  , i.e. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. Further  , the construction of the database  , posing of the query  , and the observations are to be done as a user to this 'black-box' DBMS. In Sect. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. and 8  , reasonable tracking estimates can be generated from as few as six particles. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. The same query-likelihood relevance value function is also used to produce a ranking of all the relevant documents  , which we use as our baseline. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. Each node in the tree containing the image of all reachable states from the initial node along the path. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. The ranking function is given as It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. The authors employ a wide range of features to rank emails  , in a Figure 1: Guided Search: Spell-Correct  , Fuzzy person search  , Auto-complete learning to rank framework. , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The join can be done using a hash based or sort merge technique. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. At this point in the proof the theorem prover needs to do a proof by induction. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. The deviance is a comparative statistic. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. This work combines the relational features of Alloy with imperative constructs  , control constructs such as loops and recursive function calls  , and full integer arithmetic support. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. The goal of this section is to illustrate why similarity search at  , high dimensionality is more difficult than it is at low dimensionality. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. However  , there are some significant problems in applying it to them. With this viewpoint  , we also measure search quality by comparing the distances to the query for the K objects retrieved to the corresponding distances of the K nearest objects. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. Mezaris et al. Addressing interactive and visual descriptor choice is an important aspect of future work in our project. For SortRun  , we now have a set of sorted runs on disk. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Pair Potentials.