Varying the problem hardness
 In the experimental design    , we vary the number of nodes and dynamic clusters. Based on 2 and 3    , the semantic relevance or the measure of relevancy to return pictogram e when w i is input as query can be calculated as follows: 
SRw i     , e = j P w j |e|E i ∩ E j |/|E i ∪ E j | 4 
The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero    , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Experimental Design 
To evaluate PAR    , we collected 119 real bugs from open source projects as shown in 
Subject 
B. RQ1: Fixability 
¨ 
C. RQ2: Acceptability 
In this section    , we measure the acceptability of patches generated by PAR and GenProg. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals    , regardless of other individuals choices. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. Finally    , we need a ranking function that assigns scores to the datasets in CCDD S  with respect to D S expressing the likelihood of a dataset in CCDD S  to contain identical instances with those of D S . Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. We would extract those facts as a whole    , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract    , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. DANGEROUS 
Sequentialization and the Danger of Destruction 
The transition schemes between certain recursive and certain iterative notations show that the one form is as good as the other    , apart from its appearance. Also see the PR-curves for the baseline 
Concept cross translation
The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking.   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. The experiment involved the participants using the Firefox extension of the tag mapping tool within their browser on their own personal computer over a two week period. Instead    , we use these topics as well as vocabulary from related LIWC categories Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count; Tausczik and Pennebaker 2010 as inspiration to define concise lexicons for five different narratives identified through topic modeling Money    , Job    , Student    , Family    , Craving. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. From a system's perspective it could be argued that the TREC interactive task of finding as many different instances on a topic as possible in twenty minutes is basically a recall task. For example    , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20  ,952 bytes of core. Component Scoring
Relevance scores for general interest    , specific interest    , and context are computed separately for each candidate suggestion. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. The first order derivatives are: 
= e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t 1 + e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t · −ru  ,i  ,t 
 Based on the above derivation    , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. Recently    , max pooling has been generalized to kmax pooling 
Softmax
The output of the penultimate convolutional and pooling layers x is passed to a fully connected softmax layer. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function    , 
Lω    , α= M u=1 N v=1 log Nz z=1  1 Ze u exp j=1 αzjgjeu δruv K i=1 ωzifieu    , dv 
7 
where M is the number of the entities and N is the number of the documents in training set. Typically    , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7    , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. These synonyms are obtained from WordNet 
CrossEntp    , q = − px logqx 9 
where p is the true distribution one-hot vector representing characters in the tweet and q is the output of the softmax. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. 6 and 7 only makes sense if there are users associated with each edge in our dataset    , which is not true of the four graph types we have presented so far. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos    , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. It was almost as if the default language of the interface was subconsciously suggesting to the user how they should undertake their information retrieval activities. Experiment Design
Two datasets of movie ratings are used in our experiments: MovieRating 
and EachMovie 2 . Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Note that every variable introduced in this way is initialized . First    , when using the same number of hash tables    , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need    , compared with the entropy-based approach  ? Given that our system is trained off this data    , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged    , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions    , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. Previous work on the relationship between topic familiarity and search behavior has established that when users are more familiar with a topic    , they spend less time on search tasks    , and are likely to find a higher number of relevant documents as a proportion of documents viewed 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
To investigate the impact of topic familiarity on search behavior    , we carried out a user study. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Similar observation is found in the study of meta search whose goal is to combine the retrieval results of multiple search engines to create a better ranking list 
 To address the above problems    , we encode the order information generated by the base ranking function G with matrix W ∈ 
1 
In the above    , Wi  ,j is defined by a softmax function and the parameter λ ≥ 0 represents the confidence of the base ranking function. Experimental design and conditions
The results of the study raises methodological questions with regard to the specification of the interactive task and the topics. Experimental Environment
We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 
Distribution of Co-reference in Linked Data
Some research implies that co-reference follows a power law distribution 
Experimental Settings
We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator    , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. The vector output at the final time-step    , encN     , is used to represent the entire tweet. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. Finally    , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance    , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. EXPERIMENTS AND RESULTS
In this section    , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. Authoring documents traditionally usually rely on inspections 
The following chapter provides insights to a method developed in Nokia in order to address the aforementioned problems in authoring documentation. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. We have presented experimental results showing that HearSay can be used for " hands-free " audio browsing    , although improvements in speed and accuracy are needed. Those resulting from extensions to software of techniques used for assessing hardware reliability and test coverage ; Z. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Several papers formalized position bias using probabilistic models    , such as the Cascade model Examples of learned translation probabilities are listed in 
EXPERIMENT
In this experiment    , we examine-the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from the bilingual corpus generated by an online translation system. These lexicons along with example posts for each narrative are shown in 
What Factors Are Predictive of Success  ? Finally    , we select the state with the largest expected number of steps in word items as the next item g |G|+1 in BCDRW ranking: 
g |G|+1 = argmax n i=|G|+1 vi 25 
 Note that    , in each iteration we need to compute the fundamental matrix 20    , which is expensive. They were free to choose the topic language    , and then had to find relevant documents in the pool regardless of the languages in which the texts were formulated. For example    , consider the following two queries: In general    , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Language modeling
The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets    , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior    , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior    , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd    , thus    , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. Interface Design
The interface we created to collect preference judgements had the following design. We present experimental results on large-scale datasets using four different setups: 1. the INEX benchmark 
 Our experiments demonstrate both the system's efficiency and its expressiveness and search result quality. RQ3 considers a second aspect of topic    , whether the topic is visually or semantically oriented 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN 2.1 Design
In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small    , medium    , large    , relevance level relevant    , not relevant    , topic difficulty easy    , medium    , difficult    , very difficult and topic visuality visual    , medium    , semantic. In Sect. If the response structure e.g. This would require extending the described techniques    , and creating new QA benchmarks. In our experiments    , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. However    , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. Three experiments were conducted    , one based on nouns    , one based on stylometric properties    , and one based on punctuation statistics. The most popular choices for pooling operation are: max and average pooling. With a more quantitatively informed approach    , practitioners can select the most suitable experimental design to minimize the benchmark's run time for any desired level of accuracy. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH    , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. To combat this problem    , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr    , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. Further more    , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Results: Overall Approach
First    , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Intuitively    , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria    , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . We used a mixed method approach to develop a thorough picture of existing practices around social learning and the impact of So.cl. The experimental design of the track was similar to that of the previous three years 
For the 2014 track    , sessions were obtained from workers on Amazon's Mechanical Turk. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work    , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Moreover    , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings    , such as degree    , strength. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. Note that    , in practice    , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features     , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100  ,000 in our data set    , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. 7 
for an empirically determined threshold τS which governs how similar a term a must be to m to be considered a viable translation for m. 
Combining Evidence
 The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. This provides the needed document ranking function. We will refer to this characteristic of one-to-many correspondence in meaning-to-pictogram and an associative measure of ranking pictograms according to interpretation relevancy as assisting selection of pictograms having shared interpretations. MKLSH 
Experimental Results
We now present the performance evaluation results on the data sets. A. W3C 
TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. However    , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. It has been advocated that the relevance of an information object to the information need of a specific user is a subjective and multidimensional concept    , which encompasses various properties and characteristics of the sought information ob- jects 
EXPERIMENTAL METHODOLOGY
 In this section    , we report detailed settings of our experimental methodology. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories    , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "     , semantic/visual topic " visuality "     , and geographic/general 
Procedure
The study was implemented online    , and was distributed to staff and students at the University of Sheffield    , UK as well as via social media. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems    , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw    , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring    , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 
Evaluation Benchmarks
For each dataset    , we created an evaluation benchmark by randomly picking 100 objects as the query objects    , and for each query object    , the ground truth i.e. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. General Interest Model
The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object    , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0  ,1ë to model user interests ë6    , 5    , 7ë. This characterizes the level of noise inherent in an n-gram indexing scheme; the significance of a particular similarity measure value could be described as the number of standard deviations it falls above the mean of the noise distribution. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results    , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"    , food"    , medical"    , people"    , UN"    , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in 
Folding-In Queries
 Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. However    , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. For simplicity    , we define LST M xt    , ht−1 to denote the LSTM operation on input x at time-step t and the previous hidden state ht−1. As shown in 
CONCLUSIONS
 This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. MGED 
Current methodological research on building ontologies focuses on the gathering and conceptualization of knowledge while avoiding fallacies in the formal specification of the model 
CONCLUSION Consistency in ontology schema design is essential. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. Studies may range from experimental evaluations testing particular system features to large-scale surveys on users and usage patterns. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional    , simpler example. The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 discusses possible alternatives for adding types and functions to a DBMS by concentrating on the alternatives: static types versus dynamic types. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. , Colon classification and the scope and variety of content on the WWW has naturally sparked interest in faceted organizational schemes for large websites 
Interaction Styles 
Shneiderman & Plaisant 
Our efforts have aimed to extend the dynamic query paradigm to a design framework that incorporates different easy to control views of collections    , primary objects    , and events with agile control mechanisms such as mouse brushing. Similar schemata could be derived using a method described by G. VEILLON 
Using this transition scheme    , we obtain from VVV 
proc mod = nat a    , nat b na__t _t : 
Fvar nat r := a    , var nat dd :
r  
 This is the usual program for division using binary number representation cf. Evaluation of the Implementation
 Because our approach extracts reference linking and bibliographic data automatically from widely variable sources    , it cannot be expected that the data will be 100% accurate. A holistic approach for finding optimal plans based on Iterative Dynamic Programming IDP 
Future Work
Other future work will be the support for DESCRIBE-queries and IRIs as subjects. The first experiment investigates the precision and recall of our approach on dataset 1. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface    , an eaecient query evaluator    , user proaele manager    , persistence manager etc. Each of the pivots were manually examined by an assessor for assigning a relevance grade. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. For even larger datasets    , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. The experiment simulates real-world tasks in a real-world interface. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835    , 117    , 954    , or about 835 million    , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. Furthermore    , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia    , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang    , Roland Meyer    , Thomas Wirtz    , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. In this study    , we use raw term frequencies with MLE to estimate probabilities and do not use any smoothing techniques to fine tune the estimates. What is the quality of the mappings  ? A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in 
Combinations 
Cross-Site Scripting
As with SQL injection    , cross-site scripting 
Cross-Site Scripting Detection
Indications of cross-site scripting are detected during the reverse engineering phase    , when a crawler performs a complete scan of every page within a Web application. Different from the traditional PLSA 
RELATED WORK
Sentiment Mining
Most existing work on sentiment mining sometimes also under the umbrella of opinion mining focuses on determining the semantic orientations of documents. Document Scoring
We want our event scoring function to take into account the page's likelihood of discussing an event    , therefore we include a document-level score αD. Each of these macro parts can be changed independently. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection    , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Likelihood Function
To compute the signal parameter vector w    , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2    , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k     , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. While English was also the most popular choice for TREC-7    , the percentage of runs that used non-English topics was substantially higher 7 out of 17. In addition to implementation simplicity    , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. *; : Surrogate s = new Surrogate  url ; s.save; 
The application produces a repository of surrogates    , which represents    , and adds value to    , the D-Lib on-line journal. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in 
1. Preparation 
Invitation 
Kick
Related work
Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist    , too. In the within-project setting i.e. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC    , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The constant Zn is chosen so that the perfect ranking gives an NDCG value of 1. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards    , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . In preliminary experiments we were able to achieve higher performance by using a different type of smoothing on the document models. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future    , denoted by T rustID. The model is based on PLSA    , and authorship    , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape    , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies    , particularly theory related to creativity    , is lacking. Anil Dash    , a tech blogger and entrepreneur    , has written about his experiences being on the old version of the suggested users list 
Date 
Very shortly after being put on the old suggested user list on Oct. 2    , 2009    , Mr. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words    , and to enhance retrieval performance     , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. Nginx is the reverse proxy with a cache set to 1 GB. Encoder
Given a tweet in the matrix form T size: 150 × 70    , the CNN Section 2.1 extracts the features from the character representation.