Building on prior research in federated search  , we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. This will be published in the near future. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. Section 2 describes related work. , considering temporal features 6. With respect to representations  , two research directions can be taken in order to relax the independence assumption 9  , 16. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Evidence from a variety of sources may be combined using smrctured queries to produce a final probabilistic belief m the relevance of a given document. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Thus  , TNG is not only a topic model that uses phrases  , but also help linguists discover meaningful phrases in right context  , in a completely probabilistic manner. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. 1. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. PM Fj|w = PM w|FjPM Fj Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. Therefore this approach is expected to be generalized to all kinds of resources for opinion retrieval task. Experimental results indicate that the model is able to achieve performance that is competitive with current state-of-the-art retrieval approaches. WordNet has been used to recognize compound terms and dependencies among terms in these studies. From the above~ it can be concluded that serious problem.s arise when the BIR or the RPI model is applied to rank the output set of a boolean query and the probabilistic parameters are estimated on parts of this output set The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. However  , their experiments are not conclusive and their retrieval functions are not shown to be effective and robust enough 28. Preliminary experiments showed that increasing the number of features above 40 per code did not improve performance. This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. Previously  , we developed various document-context dependent retrieval models 1 that operate in a RF environment. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. Image. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. To solve the problem in a more principled way  , we introduce our probabilistic methods. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. Query Selection for Learning to Rank: For query level active learning  , Yilmaz et al. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Prior knowledge can be used in a standard way in the language modelling approach to information retrieval. In Information Retrieval Modelling  , the main efforts have been devoted to  , for a specific information need query  , automatically scoring individual documents with respect to their relevance states. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. In the next section  , we address these concerns by taking a more principled approach to set-based information retrieval via maximum a posteriori probabilistic inference in a latent variable graphical model of marginal relevance PLMMR. A key component of the retrieval model is probabilistic translation from terms in a document to terms in a query. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. However  , our model uses it only to generate intermediate representation of input sentences for computing their similarity. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. For example   , LOD ontologies vary widely; they can be very small at the schema level  , shallow  , and poorly axiomatized such as GeoNames  , 1 large with medium depth and medium axiomatization such as in DBpedia  , 2 or large  , deep  , and richly axiomatized such as Yago. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Building on prior DIR research we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a unified probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. They use a probabilistic retrieval model which assumes that the user generates the query from an ideal internal representation of a relevant document. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. Susskind et al. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. Here we evaluate the performance of whole page retrieval. For inference 17 use Variational EM. It is noteworthy that versions of MDR and ViNTs available on the Web allow for performing only data record extraction.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. To overcome this limitation  , Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14 maps each query term into document fields using probabilistic classification based on collection statistics. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Therefore  , we used only the MeSH-CD indexing strategy and the Metamap strategy for building the queries. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. Wong and Yao's probabilistic retrieval model is based on an epistemological view of probability for which probabilities are regarded as degrees of belief  , and may not be necessarily learned from statistical data. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. common search strategies involve different features inventors  , owners  , classes  , references  , whose weights need to be balanced ? Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. It has been implemented in different retrieval models: vector space model 15  , probabilistic model 13  , and so on. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Engström studied how the topic dependence influences the accuracy of sentiment classification and tried to reduce this de- pendence 5. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. So far  , our experiments reveal that the mere finding of the right features for this endeavor remains a challenging problem. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. The NECLA team submitted four automatic runs to the 2012 track. , " brazil world cup " . For continuous conversations  , contexts can be used to optimize the response selection for the given query. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. We set out to address two questions. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. The derivation leads to theorems and formulae that relate and explain existing IR models. , 2. Nallapati et al. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. These crawlers are referred to as " deep crawlers " 10 or " hidden crawlers " 29 34 46.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. Recall is the proportion of relevant material actually retrieved in answers to a query; and precision is the proportion of retrieved material that is actually relevant. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. Given a REST representation of a request  , it is relatively straightforward to generate information for a statistical retrieval strategy . Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. This is in contrast with virtually all the existing work in which a document language model is generally defined for the entire document. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. Therefore  , according to Model 2  , the function of a document re-trieval system is to compute for each patron the probability that he will judge a document having the properties that he sought relevant; and then to rank the output ac- cordingly. The basic system we used for SK retrieval in TREC-8 is similar to that presented at TREC-7 11   , but the final system also contains several new devices. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. or at least make explicit  , these heuristic judgments by developing models of queries and documents that could be used to deduce appropriate retrieval strategies. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. The probability that a query T 1   , T 2   , · · ·   , T n of length n is generated by the language model of the document with identifier D is defined by the following equation: