There have been many studies on this problem. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. percolation "  ? This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. The imputation strategy depends on specific application scenarios and is independent of our method. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . How many is counted by the docCount rela- tionship  , which relates a search set to a number  , an atomic concept below Number. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. It runs alongside the search engine. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! We performed a temporal search by submitting a temporal query to the news archive search engine http://www.newslibrary.com. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. The first search is over the corpus of Web pages crawled by the search engine. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. This mapping has two main advantages. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. These results suggest that certain aspects of the search interface can impact search behavior and also provide a theoretical explanation for this behavior. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . A number of universities are also recording lectures and seminars  , with the aim of providing online access and search capabilities. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. On each of these pages  , each of the regular search results and links in the data augmenting the search is sent through a redirector which records the search query  , the link and which section of the page the link was on. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. This interface allows users to capture a screenshot of any interface  , enter some query keywords  , and submit the resulting multimodal query to the search engine  , and display the search result in a Web browser. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. The subweb definition corresponding to the search topic is used to rerank the search results obtained from a search engine. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. The paper is organized as follows. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. We now compare SI-Backward search with the MI- Backward search on a larger workload of 200 queries consisting of 2-7 keywords. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load.  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. A crucial aspect of faceted search is the design of a user interface  , which offers these capabilities in an intuitive way. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. Because of the competitive nature of the market  , each search term may have bids from many advertisers  , and almost every advertiser bids on more than one search term. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. Sessions start with a search engine query followed by a click on a search engine result. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. Decentralized Search. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . All queries within a search session were assigned the same classification. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. Specify individual optimization rules. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . 's simulated annealing solver. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. Most characters match themselves. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. Each UI screen or webpage implements several UI design patterns. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . The search follows scoping rules. Hence  , each expert's pseudo-document is indexed by a search engine for efficient querying and access. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Several meta-search engines exist e.g. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. Our study in the search query log of a commercial search engine reveals that the number of generic search queries  , which have explicit or implicit vertical search intentions  , can surpass the traffic of VSEs. We may implement more advanced search capabilities in the future – for example  , limiting a search to a particular index  , such as sample records or setDescriptions. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. This behavior promotes the local cache. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. Previously examined by Cui et al. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Most commercial search portals such as Bing and Google provide access to a wide range of specialized search engines called verticals. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. 0 Motion prediction. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. The candidate of route is generated randomly. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. ReadUp provides a search mechanism modelled on the incremental text search mode of GNU Emacs 19. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. served as ranking criterion. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. As there are currently no commercial or academic crosslingual location search systems available  , we construct a baseline  , using our transliteration system and the commercial location search engines referred to as  , T + CS listed above  , as follows: we first transliterate each of the test queries in Arabic  , Hindi and Japanese to English using our transliteration engine  , and then send the four highest ranked transliteration candidates to the three commercial location search engines. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. Despite the two search sites coming from different brands  , the returned results were almost identical due to the nature of the search queries used see Procedure. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. their rapid evaluation. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. The two essential parts are summarized in Figure 3. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. Each search unit is controlled from a control computer which loads the queries into the search units. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. Immediately below the text search box  , is a search history pull down menu  , which gives a list of the text queries previously executed by the user. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . Stacked models use the base model to impute the class labels on related instances   , which are then used by the second-level stacked model. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. Used features. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Selecting a good example image that exactly accords with the search intention does not improve the search results significantly. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. The second interface displayed search results in a similar fashion to the baseline  , and provided QE terms Fig 2aon the left-hand pane  , and finally our full interface presents the search results  , and multiple representations of QE terms Fig. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. Several different categories of games exist 3. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. Experience The main effect of the searchexperience attribute 1 if search  , 0 if experience shows a higher conversion rate for search products online at 0.003207. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. After the search sessions were identified  , each session was classified as a re-finding session  , exploratory search session or single query session. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The best-first planning BFP inethod 9 is adopted to search points with the minimum potential. The feasibility of this approach depends on how concentrated the search content associated to a trending topic is. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. E.g. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. When applying a table search query  , end-users will receive a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results from them. We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. During the final phase of resolution i.e. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. This procedure is formalized in Alg. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. The optimization on this query is performed twice. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. The result of a search is a list of information resources. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. For the CI4OOI collection Figure 5b the bottom-up search does significantly better than the serial search at the low E end of performance. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. This is identical to Backward search except that it uses only one merged backward iterator  , just like Bidirectional search. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. To our knowledge  , little research has explicitly addressed the problem of NP-query performance prediction. .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. Obfuscate a user's true search intent to a search engine is very difficult: we need to first identify the search intent  , properly embellish it before submitting to the search engine  , such that the returned search results are still useful. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping.