The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. In general  , QE interacts with query structure: with a large expansion strong query structures seem necessary  , but with a slight or no expansion weak structures perform well. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. We will explain several groups of features below. Typical cost functions are: traversibility  , fuel limits  , travel time  , weather conditions etc. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. Parallel Learning. In this work we presented a more efficient way to compute general heuristics for E-Graphs  , especially for those which are not computed using dynamic programming. The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. query execution time. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. Such dynamic generation and compilation results in large computation overhead and dependence on direct availability of a compiler. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. For the high-dimensional cases we developed a general method for NMP  , that we call the method of Progressive Constraints PC. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. For real-time  on-line  control  , however  , the computational costs of this solution can be prohibitive. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. the terms or concepts in question. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Finally  , we will present details on how we train our relation language model for query expansion. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. reduction of error  , e.g. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. The application of the dynamic programming is also elucidated by /Parodi 84/. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. From this table  , we can see that in the single Q-learning case  , the correspunding rates of both cases were about 10% at initial phase of learning  , while  , after learning  , the rates rose up to ov er 90%  , Tha t is  , as a result of distribuh!d learning  , selection prob­ abilities of actions so rise that some strong connections of rules among the agents or inside one individual agent were implicitly formed  , consequently  , the sequential motion patterns were acquired. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. query-term overlap and search result similarity. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. function based on this metric to zero. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. The demonstration data consists of various signals. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. In dynamic environments  , autonomous robot systems have to plan robot motions on-line  , depending on sensor information. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. In principle  , a dynamic programming approach can be taken to determine optimal strategies for the partially-predictable case; however  , even for a simple planar problem the state space is fourdimensional . Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. The centers of corresponding MDs between two image planes should be searched for only within the same horizontal scanlines. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. Formally  , software evolution is defined as " …the dynamic behavior of programming systems as they are maintained and enhanced over their life times " 3. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We showed the optimization of a simple query. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. E.g. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. Our systems have several parameters. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Therefore  , if we have a very large collection of documents  , we would either be reduced to using a sequential scan in order to perform conceptual similarity search  , or have to do with lower quality search results using the original representation and ignore the problems of synonymy and polysemy. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. There are exponentially many possible segmentations  , but dynamic programming makes the calculation tractable. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. A dynamic programming approach which is similar to the classical system R optimizer 10 can be used to construct the query plan from small strongly connected sub-graphs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. Optimization. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. Generative model. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. Let Y H be the random variable that represents the label of the observed feature vector in the hypothesis space  , and Y F be the random variable that represents the label in the target function. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. the expansion dimension. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. The optimization on this query is performed twice. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. As the experiment progresses from Fig. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. The real problem lies in defining similarity. We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. Optimizers based on dynamic programming typically compute a single cost value for each subplan that is based on resource consumption. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. Results. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. 3. attribute vs. property: the meta-programming facility of scripting languages enables the addition of attributes to objects dynamically whereas their dynamic typing enables the attributes to have values of multiple types. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. Initialization. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. For our two-state model  , we are interested in the transitioning behavior of the machine. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. In essence  , it assumes that there are a number of hidden factors or aspects in the documents  , and models using a probabilistic framework the relationship among those factors  , the documents  , and the words appearing in the documents . Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . Figure 4shows an example of such state space. Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. One final extension is required. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. Remember  , the four components are LCA expansion  , computation of pairwise sentence similarity  , segment ranking and dynamic programming . A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. First  , we employ the PLSA to analyze the topic information of all the questions  , and then model the answerer role and asker role of each user based on questions which he answers or asks. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. ActiveRDF is light-weight and implemented in around 600 lines of code. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . remains unsolved. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. An expanded query is formulated for each server using the documents sampled from that server. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. We next present our random forest model. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. The above question can be reformulated as follows. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. Query Expansion. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. Thus NetPLSA ignores the various participation information for each user. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. We envision three lines of future research. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. In contrast  , dynamic techniques tend to be more practical in terms of applicability to arbitrary programs and often seem to provide useful information despite their inherent unsoundness. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. Figure 1reports these scores. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion .  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy.  Incorporating both context i.e. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. Aside from the S-PLSA model which extracts the sentiments from blogs for predicting future product sales  , we also consider the past sale performance of the same product as another important factor in predicting the product's future sales performance. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute .