The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. the user leaving the ad landing page. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. FE-NN1 is based on the standard Demspter's rule and the true pignistic Shannon entropy. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. For some WordNet nodes  , they consist of multiple phrases  , e.g. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . 10 . However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. For example  , a pattern of a 'term' type is a set of unigrams that make up a phrase  , such as {support  , vector  , machine} or 'support vector machine' for simpler notation. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. Our approach consists of two steps. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. , ridge regularization method 12. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. The way RaPiD7 is applied varies significantly depending on the case. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. We have used two datasets in our evaluation. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. WD " denotes the weitht decay term used to constrain the magnitude of the weights connecting each layer. In QALD-3 20  , SQUALL2SPARQL 21 achieved the highest precision in the QA track. Here  , σ is the sigmoid function that has an output in 0  , 1  , tanh denotes the hyperbolic tangent function that has an output in −1  , 1   , and denotes the component-wise multiplication . Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Datasets. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. Test II: Combined Models. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . In particular  , we use the L2 i.e. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. the catalog group taxonomy. Fig. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. This has been observed in some early studies 8. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. A-close 10 uses a breadth-first search to find FCPs. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. The architecture of our system is rather simple as displayed in Figure 4 : given a question Q  , a search engine retrieves a list of passages ranked by their relevancy. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. Therefore  , due to the scale of datasets and slightly different focus of tasks  , we did not evaluate our techniques on the QALD benchmarks  , but intend to explore it in the future. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the quality in use in different usage contexts is very important for the spreading of these knowledge bases. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The likelihood function for the t observations is: On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. In this paper  , we have introduced a novel pooling method R 2 FP  , together with its local and global versions  , for extracting features from feature maps learned through a sparse autoencoder. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. classes in PLSA. S! " One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. Here we use breadth-first search. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Two cases have to be distinguished. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. The optimization on this query is performed twice. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. , " Who is the mayor of Berlin ? " In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Correlations that are significant at 0.99 are indicated with *. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. Joint Objective. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. quality of indexing  , or of relevance judgement influencing the retrieval outputs 1 ,18. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. , The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. These A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. Because Hogwild! courses  , students  , professors are generated. In our case  , the size of the encN is 256. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Realizing the vision of autonomic computing is necessarily a worldwide cooperative enterprise  , one that will yield great societal rewards in the near-term  , medium-term and long-term. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: The Shannon entropy of the variable a is: In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. to any application. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN .  Query execution. In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. Dynamic programming. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . template. The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. 2 The re~rieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model described here is suited to different models of probabilis- Uc indexing. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We call this the root dataset. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Breaking the Optimization Task. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. RQ6 b. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. CLIR performance observed for this query set. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. , the shared data item. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. We should try our best to eliminate the time that the evaluators spend on SPARQL syntax. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. Note that value iteration can be considered as a form of Dynamic Programming. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. Yokoi et al. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. We repeat iterative step s times. The corresponding weighting function is as follows. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. 2. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. UDCombine1. Knees et al. to the introduction of blank nodes. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. 3 or Eqn. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Figure 6  , we visualize the geographic distributions of two weather topics over the US states. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. an MS-Word document. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. , Pearson correlation with true AP. 1for an example spectrogram. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. a =in order Eps' . This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. On SemSearch ES  , ListSearch and INEX-LD  , where the queries are keyword queries like 'Charles Darwin'  , LeToR methods show significant improvements over FSDM. Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. 243–318 for an introduction. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. All runs are compared to pLSA. , array of floating point values. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. ,and rdel  , the whole databases wereincrementally inserted and deleted  , although& = 0 for the 2D spatial database. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. , are provided by the Access Service itself. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. Pruuiug the set of Equivalent Queries: The set  , of rquivalent queries that are generated by gen-closure are considered by the cost-based optimizer to pick t ,he optimal plan. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. The above question can be reformulated as follows. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. These interactions are the estimated essential interactions. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. The G-Click method  , which gets the best performance for these queries  , has only a nonsignificant 0.37% improvement over WEB methods in rank scoring metric. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. Table 1summarizes the results. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor.