Third  , we import paper collections from other repositories such as arXiv and PubMed to incorporate papers from a breadth of disciplines. 18 have examined contextual search and name disambiguation in email messages using graphs  , employing random walks on graphs to disambiguate names. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. , F k  of data graph G  , in which each fragment Fi = GVi  , Bi i ∈ 1  , k is placed at a separate machine Si  , the distributed graph pattern matching problem is to find the maximum match in G for Q  , via graph simulation. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. , we do not count occurrences of several of these terms as additional evidence of relevance. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. Utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. A majority of cache misses occur after traversing a suffix link to a new subtree and then examining each child of the new parent. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. The GA-FL approach is capable of reaching any possible solution from the search space  , as it can move across the search space in any direction. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. where w denotes the combination weight vector. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . " Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. , query expansion on both the original and the translated queries  , are effective in improving CLIR performance. One aid is to intepret the axioms as defining a set of recursive functions. Owing to its simplicity and effectiveness  , CCA has been widely applied to the crossmodal retrieval 7  , face recognition 21 and word embedding 8  , 9. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Though the proposed annotations have a simple structure  , background knowledge is complex  , and in general involves quantification  , negation  , and disjunction. We estimate the relevance of a document d to a query q using the probability of click on d when d appears on the first position  , i.e. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. The queries were drawn from the logs uniformly at random by token without replacement  , resulting in a query sample representative of the overall query distribution. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. These were also significantly better than performance of any other query structure and expansion combination. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. DB-L is weakly sufficiently complete. Voorhees et al. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. The creation of the WePS Web People Search corpus consisted of the following steps: 1. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. Since the problem of researcher-indu~d bias was recognized as a potential problem  , four different researchers interacted with participants in a relatively random manner dictated by individual schedules. We performed 5000 random searches using JPF version 3.1.2 on a cluster of dual-Opteron 250's running at 2.4 GHz with 16GB of memory and running Fedora Core 3 Linux. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. The effectiveness of the search behavior has an underlying dependence on the quality of the roadmap used by the agents. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. The position of the random item within the list of 11 items was randomly drawn for each owner. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. The meta-search interface presented the documents retrieved in random order  , with no indication of the system from which each was drawn. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. , a stack. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. Thirdly  , the vertical format is more versatile in supporting various search strategies  , including breadth-first  , depth-first or some other  , hybrid search. Therefore  , each link will be moved back with the angular displacement corresponding to its location with respect to the other links. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: The procedure repeatedly samples queries uniformly at random from the set of predicted queries pqueriesx. We identified twenty high-output research institutions consisting of six private and fourteen public institutions using SPSSgenerated random numbers and matching them to institutions in the Carnegie Classification: Research Universities – Very High Research Activity group 1. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. The basic method by which different techniques were compared was query expansion. ShopBot relies on a combination of heuristic search  , pattern matching  , and inductive learning techniques. Note that we refer to these as quality scores and not as relevance scores  , since they incorporate additional factors other than pure query relevance e.g. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. So far  , many researchers applied GA to motion acquisition problems for robots or virtual creatures. Since this may affect the quality of the query expansion  , in our experiments we investigate how the size of the samples affects retrieval performance. In all of the above tasks  , the central problem is similarity matching: 'find tumors that are similar to a gaven pattern' including shape  , shape changes  , and demographic patient data. Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. Documents are then retrieved based on the expanded query model. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. For each pair of objects  , there were 500 different cases obtained by locating randomly these objects both random translations and rotations. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. , 19  , 26  , 33. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. the original query. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. He has a large footprint on the Web  , however the top images returned by the search engine are replicas of the same few shots. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. The ad-hoc policy results in probabilistic updates  , and a search based on manually generated heuristics and some random actions 23. Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. Under all these assumptions equation 2 can be rewritten as In addition  , these supervised techniques take into account only the explicit query concepts and disregard the latent concepts that can be associated with the query via expansion. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. The total number of randomly inserted citations in the full dataset reached almost 4.3 million. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. To make the subjects carefully examine each restaurant instance  , we asked subjects to find a couple of restaurants they wanted to visit. In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. we perform a breadth first search. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. In particular   , for an ambiguous query such as eclipse  , the search engine could either take the probability ranking principle approach of taking the " best guess " intent and showing the results  , or it could choose to present search results that maximize the probability of a user with a random intent finding at least one relevant document on the results page. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. , A higher likelihood of generating the dataset from the model implies a lower amount of privacy. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . For this task  , we can use all features preceding the onset and also the features of the onset itself  , such as the condition type e.g. Despite the rich literature on Twitter and its role in covering real-world events  , to date  , we are aware of little research that directly addresses the issue studied in this paper. The complete document could be viewed  , in a separate window  , by clicking on the document title. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. This means that both documents are guaranteed to belong to the result set of a query consisting of the shared term/phrase. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. Particularly complex operations on software graphs are pattern matching and transitive closure computation. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. We compute the segment association function ζ 1 with help of the likelihood L s j | z i . Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . It then constructs node sets V r = {v|v  , t ∈ X}  , and V s = V \ V r . In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. Moving between the two activities may be awkward or disorienting  , making it difficult to maintain a sense of direction of focus. This is not surprising for search problems 36  , because the search finishes as soon as one core finds the bug. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. The estimates from two methods are very close. The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. Running a random walk on this graph is simple: we start from an arbitrary document  , at each step choose a random term/phrase from the current document  , submit a corresponding query to the search engine  , and move to a randomly chosen document from the query's result set. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. Since pQ is constant for all documents Di given a specific query Q  , it does not affect the ranking of the documents and can be safely removed from the scoring function . Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. the answer we are generating is still optimum  , thus  , it preserves the monotonicity. We define the cost of evaluating a query Q over a sequence s denoted by costQ  , s  , which means total number of nodes defined in the XQuery data model 12 that are accessed in the evaluation of Q. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. An RGB likelihood function is applied to weigh the probability of samples belonging to the hand. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. In addition   , the importance of the original query concepts is maintained after query expansion by using a geometric progression to normalize the contributed of the expansion terms. For a value of a property  , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Heuristic function h 0 evaluates all nodes equally so it has no heuristic power and does not provide any guidance. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. If there exists at least one non-empty intersection the pick-and-place operation can be performed with a single grasp corresponding to a gripper configuration of the non-empty intersection. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. In post-TREC experiments  , we worked on enhancing the query expansion and temporal re-scoring approaches. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. The definition of an ice-region is recursive through the relation composed-of  , because any ice region may contain other ice regions. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. In order to find a winning path  , it suffices to build the graph G and to perform breadth-first search beginning at a start and ending at a goal vertex. BWESG induces a shared cross-lingual embedding vector space in which words  , queries  , and documents may be presented in a uniform way as dense real-valued vectors. However  , the application is completely different. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. All or some of these expansion terms can be added to the query either by the user – interactive query expansion IQE – or by the retrieval system – automatic query expansion AQE. The STS corpus is a collection of 1.6 million English tweets collected by submitting queries with positive and negative emoticons to the Twitter search API. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! Observe that the minimum staleness level achievable on the random data set is much higher than on the high-quality data set. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. We then examine the explanatory variables in relation to the predicted likelihood of module defect-proneness. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. A recent snapshot of English Wikipedia was used as the expansion corpus. result merging  , reranking  , and query expansion modules. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. It remains to be described how to evaluate the individual likelihood values. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Since the value of the likelihood function is small compared to the values in the generic domain   , there is only low confidence in the interval estimates computed for the runs in the NASA domain. In this paper  , we have shown that its is possible to search all statistically significant rules in a reasonable time. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Reproducing random search is not exactly possible because often only the distribution over the hyperparameters is made public and not which hyperparameter configurations are finally chosen. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. The planner selects the candidate for the subgoal  , at random in the search space defined around &nd see dashed circle in Fig.3. Wikipedia. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. The Self-Organizing Map generated a Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. The random replacement of duplicate attribute codes as well as the normal randomization of the original attributes necessitates a search for original descriptor/requestor attribute matches subsequent to bucket address decoding during retrieval operation. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. No instruction was provided on search tactics or vocabulary. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. tweet data after query tweet time cutoff and external resource. But  , it is not hard to verify that the log likelihood function Lθ is concave in α and β under the parameter constraints listed in Lemma 3.1. Then  , the number of failures experienced in 0 ,re will be a random variable. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. Other studies on random mobile query streams indicate this e.g. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. Starting from a given initial query  , a subgraph is extracted from the Query- URL bipartite using depth first search. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. The accuracy for content-based or performance-based methods was calculated over all the queries. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. The extraction can be done using simple pattern matching or state-of-the-art entity extractors. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. The role pattern correlation matrix is the most likely similar to the collaborative group correlation matrix. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. The advantage of our approach is that it is not limited to a pre-defined set of semantic categories. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. The physical motivation for this inclusion is as follows: a deposition rate function has a spread that is typically small compared to the actual area that is to be covered . We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. Fuzzy object representations  , also denoted simply as fuzzy objects   , occur in many different application ranges. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Instead  , it works on off-the-shelf legacy applications and readily-available testcases . The same query-likelihood relevance value function is also used to produce a ranking of all the relevant documents  , which we use as our baseline. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. In this paper we introduced a proximity based framework for query expansion which utilizes a conceptual lexicon for patent retrieval. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph. Table 2   , we list the retrieval performance of query expansion using different β-values of 0.01  , 0.03  , 0.05 and 0.1. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. One focus group participant described the ability to browse as a facility supported in shops  , but not in the music resources that he consults on the WWW: " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random. " The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. This is also our ongoing work. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. We made the simplifying assumption that the features were multivariate normal. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. , 2010. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. , 4  , 5  , 6 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Also  , more refined query expansion techniques can be incorporated into HCQF to creating more suitable pseudo classes. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. Our paper makes the following contributions. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. 2 Newton Method: The Newton method uses the second order properties of the log-likelihood function to compute descent direction. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. expand the user query with API names. Then  , they considers this new document for a random time and moves  , independently  , to a third relevant document and so on. Since this is a prediction task  , one may drop optimality for the sake of prediction performance   , adopting AICC instead. Other hyper-parameters for these methods were optimized through random search 41. Sequence mining is essentially an enumeration problem over the sub-sequence partial order looking for those sequences that are frequent. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. A good initial retrieval will result in an improvement in query expansion performance but a poor initial retrieval will only make it worse. Generally  , it is useful to deal mechanically with a misspelling  , an inflection and the different representation such as 'three body' and 'three-body'. An approach for generating and updating the binary vocabulary is presented which is coupled with a simplistic likelihood function to generate loop closure candidates. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. Variants of TA have been studied for multimedia similarity search 12 ,31   , ranking query results from structured databases 1  , and distributed preference queries over heterogeneous Internet sources such as digital libraries   , restaurant reviews  , street finders  , etc. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. With the kernels  , the related function that we need to optimize is given by , We discovered that query expansion increased Passage MAP for 11 topics and decreased Passage MAP for 9 topics. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . The motion model reflects a behavior that the evaders are likely to exhibit throughout the run. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. The authors' experience is similar to ours in that ESC/Java used without annotating testee code produces too many spurious warnings to be useful alone. Simple time is modified by the defined time transformations to yield segment time  , which is in turn modified by repeat functionality and min/max constraints to yield active time. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. Overall  , Harman's method is not particularly good  , achieving a mean precision only just better than the best automatic query expansion search. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. Image search engines are not very precise   , and even images that are of the queried name and thus considered as good results for human consumption  , might be ill-suited for face recognition tasks. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. This form of expansion is simple to manage and effective. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Attributes are circled  , and edges are marked with their function types. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. It is shown by our experiments that each selected URL pattern usually matches with a large number of URLs of the same format. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . , the expansion terms learned by our model. Section 5.1 introduces the query types we identified for people search; in Section 5.2 we explore session types in people search and in Section 5.3 we propose different types of users of people search engines. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. To do this  , we split the citations of the small datasets into training and testing sets and compared the performance of models learned on the training sets to " unlearned " models whose feature weights were all set equal to the same constant " 1. " 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 This is directly confirmed in the reported results in 59  , in which in half of the case study the average number of fitness evaluations per run is at most 41  , thus implying that  , on average  , appropriate patches are found in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. Then the topranked terms can be selected as expansion terms. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. For example  , a sentence Q = w1  , w2  , w3  , ..  , wn will be transformed into a sentence matrix M ∈ R n×m where n is the length of sentence and m is the dimensionality of vector representation. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. The provided navigational queries were submitted to the search site the same way they would be submitted in a realistic search scenario  , i.e. Given a tweet t from user u and her followers F ollowersu  , our goal is to learn a function F that estimates the likelihood of follower fi fi ∈ F olloweru retweeting t in future. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. The word distribution of each topic reveals different themes underlying a corpus while the topic distribution θ d of a document characterizes the themes the document is associated with. If a call graph contains no cycles  , it is guaranteed that all functions in the call graph will be annotated. Parameters for the random walk models were optimized via conjugate gradient with line search. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. kgenArgS 12. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. First  , the missing label t i is replaced by its expected value under the current parameter estimate  , θ s . This approach maintains the benefits of query expansion that were demonstrated through the original use of similarity thesauri for monolingual query expansion. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. Consider the following piece of code: Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. In this paper  , we build upon the earlier work in soft pattern matching. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. Then  , we use the TSTM to expand queries. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. This resulted in the icdqe run. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. Path finding in static or partially changing environments is described in section 4. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. This research has shown that thesaurus-based query expansion often induces an increase in recall  , usually accompanied by a significant loss in precision. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. Recommending useful entities e.g. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. 10 recommended items were selected according to one of the seven profiles  , as described in Section 3  , while an extra item was randomly selected from the social search index to serve as a lower-bound baseline. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. Gradient descent resumes from the state at which the random walk terminates. This continues until there are no more transitions to be fired. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. The implementation of ARTOO solves infinite recursion in the field distance by cutting the recursive calculation after a fixed number of steps 2 in the case of the results presented in the next section . , by tracking users on third-party Web sites. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. The related-text significantly improves the results of retrieval methods that do not perform query expansion. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. This goal is achieved with the use of Wikipedia. Our results would seem to indicate that the language model used for query expansion does matter. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. In this way  , concolic testing does eventually hit the coverage points in the vicinity of the random execution  , but the expense of exhaustive searching means that many other coverage points in the program state space can remain uncovered while concolic testing is stuck searching one part Figure 2 b switches to inexpensive random testing as soon as it identifies some uncovered point  , relying on fast random testing to explore as much of the state space as possible. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. Let R be the set of points in the query result. Once we have selected a center  , we now have to optimize the other two parameters. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. In order to improve the retrieval recall we decided to set up a full automatic query expansion module. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. We observed a high variance in success rates between programs. Query expansion adds terms and possibly reweighs original query terms  , so as to more effectively express the original information need. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. At this point  , the chain is also moved to the tail  , starting at the extreme module e S of the slice and ending at the root lines 10–12. To capture the full semantics of an input question  , HAWK traverses the predicated-argument tree in a pre-order walk to reflect the empirical observation that i related information are situated close to each other in the tree and ii information are more restrictive from left to right. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Many command arguments are names of files. for some nonnegative function T . Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. 7  , each supervisor $ E must ensure that: a $s = admissible if state s is semi-chained  , and b if $s = admissible then there exists a semi-chained state s' E Rs  , $. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. These promising results suggest that integrating our approach into probabilistic SLAM methods would improve the building of maps for dynamic  , cluttered environments  , a challenging issue that requires further research. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR. Some queries returned fewer than 500 search results. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. To be able to search for long  , meaningful paths  , we have replaced the current few citations with a list of randomly created citations 1 to 10 random citations to papers selected from all of the previous years in the knowledge base  , using a normal distribution. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. We focus on the query generation and retrieval model selection. Therefore  , the MLE was determined to be unsuitable for RCG parameter esti- mation. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. Table 2shows the results. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. Similarly to the session graph  , the random walk is performed for n steps away from the starting node: At search time  , the given ER query is matched in the graph and set as starting node. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. As described in 29  , this scheme enables a privacy-preserving cryptographic search for the key  , since it does not reveal the plaintext P to any entity that is involved in the cryptographic search. We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. Integrating support for arrays  , as well as operations on them  , is an important extension of this research which we are currently investigating. The suggested diagnosis terms were added to a query expansion in lamdarum04. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. Query expansion QE is an effective strategy to address the challenge. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by random query selection followed by random document selection for each query. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. For the fixed-uncertainty minimum-time optimization the search tree is expanded until the desired uncertainty is reached. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. We execute breadth-first-search from s up to k levels without visiting t  , while keeping track of all paths formed so far. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. Knees et al. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. Basically  , the generative topographic mapping is a latent variable density model with an apparently sound statistical foundation which is claimed to have several advantageous properties when compared to self-organizing maps  , but no signifkant disadvantages. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. their rapid evaluation. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. In addition  , we employed the Bo1 model 2 for query expansion. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. Essentially  , the cosine is a weighted function of the features the vectors have in common. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. These pages were collected during August 2004  , and were drawn arbitrarily from the full MSN Search crawl. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. While it is possible to optimize objective functions by estimating the gradients lo  it is far more desirable to provide analytical gradients  , both for improving the performance of the optimizer 18  fewer computations of the cost function are needed and also to increase the accuracy of the gradient. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. In the cluster to which the query term concepts of our concern belong  , other terms can be selected as candidates of the query expansion. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. Caching techniques should now target to minimize both random reads and sequential reads. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. Thus we know that r 5 indeed contains a keyword similar to " grose "   , and can retrieve the corresponding prefix similarity. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. quality of indexing  , or of relevance judgement influencing the retrieval outputs 1 ,18. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. After that  , we detected users  , who had at least one switch from the search engine to other search engines in a given period. We compute the values as follows: In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . If the path has no recursive nodes  , the function simply returns the cardinality of the path. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. The mined query pairs were then used as query suggestions for each other. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. , prompt: Can you say more about that ?. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. The performance of our model is on the par with the STRUCT model 27. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. These rules handle match statements. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. Thus  , it is only able to learn a subset of the specifications that can be generated by EAGLE. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. Hashtag-based query expansion HFB1 and HFB2 4. No mention was made of pay conditions  , ad conditions or random assignment  , and a search on turkernation .com  , a discussion forum for Mechanical Turk workers  , found no mention of either experiment. Note that we did not use documents retrieved by a query to be expanded  , as we wanted to develop a query expansion method applicable for any queries. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. With query expansion on the body of documents only  , query noise reduction results in slightly worse retrieval performance  , compared to using query expansion without noise removal second part of Table 4  , first row. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. We present a simple path planning method called RRT-Connect that combines Rapidly-exploring Random Trees RRTs 18 with a simple greedy heuristic that aggressively tries to connect two trees  , one from the initial configuration and the other from the goal. In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. In effect we find the last fence first and work upstream  , like a salmon. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. The observation likelihood can be estimated by summing the probability that each pixel in the target region does not belong to the model and by using the exponential function  , as in 27  , to obtain a probability estimate. Let a and e be an acronym and a query  , respectively. They represent patterns because either predicate  , subject or object might be a variable  , or is explicitly specified as a constant. The density function h for the ratings can be written as: The breadth-first search is begun simultaneously at all these locations. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. See Figure 11for an example plan. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. This work tests the hypothesis that term diagnosis can effectively guide query expansion. Barraquand and Latombe 901 have used random search techniques to overcome the problem of high dimensionality . , 7  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. We expect that using query expansion in both collection selection and retrieval stages will eliminate this problem and further improve retrieval performance. In all experiments we used cosine distance to measure the closeness of two vectors either document or word vectors in the common low-dimensional embedding space. Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. The mason for this query being an outlier is not clear  , as the subject matter for this query was not markedly different from the others. Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. Then  , the CONNECT function generates the trajectory for object orientations  , which connects Rand to a , , , ,. Example 2. Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. Section 4 is the result discussion. The proposed approach provides the generation of the error recovery logic using a method called Genetic Programming GP. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. The second view is to use labels or tags based on clusters as an alternative classification scheme. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. In other words  , search based on the user model required a much smaller number of query messages and thus a much higher efficiency in order to achieve similar accuracy. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. Listing 1 shows an example query. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . This is because we aim to compare the word embeddings with different approaches instead of finding the best method for document embeddings. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. A data record is said to be enumerated by a maximal repeat if the matching percentage is greater than a bound determined by the user. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. The main contribution of this work is a hybrid frontier prioritization approach that combines the two lines of work mentioned above. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. If it fails to answer the query it returns the first result returned by Google for that query. For moderate query expansion e.g. However  , these subjective evaluations do not tell whether and how word similarities can be used in solving IR tasks in SE. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. To choose the optimal value of α we simply choose the value which maximizes an objective function  , in this case the log likelihood of the heldout data. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. One way of increasing recall is to perform query expansion. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. The authors describe a technique which uses random walks to estimate the RankMass of a search engine's index. In this paper  , we also studied the relationship between query lengths and improvements by query expansion. For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The performance function Pn is approximated as Pn = ag + UJ n + a2 n2 see figure 4Based on recent measurement pairs P ,n the coefficients ai are estimated using a recursive least-square estimator with exponentially fading memory Young  , 19841. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. One aspect of sample-based methods that has not been studied so far is the effect of the particular random sample in the CSI on the search effectiveness. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Once we meet an unknown node  , we use its known neighbour nodes to compute its location area as described above and then turn it to a known node. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. , 9  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? They are: 10. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. These results are stored in a method stack along the result of old expressions lines 8 and 9  , Figure 1. The interval estimate is the range of numbers which most likely contains the true number N of defects in the document. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. Focused crawlers  , in contrast to breadth-first crawlers used by search engines  , typically use an informed-search strategy and try to retrieve only those parts of the Web relevant to some given topic 1  , 5  , 9  , 15 . However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. They use queries with location obtained by IP addresses  , and develop a probabilistic framework for quantifying spatial variation. However  , this may not provide useful type information when the return type is  , for instance  , xs:AnyType. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. A second feature which we call synonym expansion was applied only to query terms. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . Section 5 reports our experimental results. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future  , denoted by T rustID. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. There have been many studies on this problem. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. The application of random techniques in trajectory design is also seen in 13 . The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. For each English query  , the gold standard geographic location Latitude  , Longitude was obtained by majority consensus among multiple commercial location search engines  , namely  , Google Maps™  , Windows Live Local™  , and Yahoo Maps™  , or by manually locating it on a map. He collected the following kinds of pairs of Web pages: Random: Two different pages were sampled uniformly at random uar from the collection. Mapping. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. Another important con- clusion that can be drawn is that if we could eliminate the recursive call to ** from ** from POLY-LOOP from POLY  , we could save about 93.6yo of the total run time. In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. These efforts can be broadly divided in two categories: random-based 38  , 43 and search-based 56. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. I are presented along with an exhaustive search  , in Figure 8and table 1. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. Therefore  , we believe that full expansion with mild query expansion leads to best overall performance. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by We show a mutually recursive relationship between bias and unbiased rating  , i.e. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. The pattern symbols are: At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. Therefore Lye have the following result. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. For the restart probability of random walks  , it is interesting to find that a larger one is preferred and we set it as 0.9 in LINKREC. GP maintains a population of individual programs. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. As of today  , the index quality of catalogues in scientific libraries is deplorable: Large parts of the inventory are not indexed and will probably never be  , since manual indexing is a time-consuming and thus expensive task. The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. This special form allows the use of the recursive backstepping procedure for the controller design 15. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. It is thus important to know the confidence associated with these values. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. However  , most related researches available make use of query expansion  , and therefore  , that method was of interest to our team as well. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. All that the user needs to specify in invoking this procedure is the name of the file containing the data and the context word by which the paragraphs are to be selected. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. We propose two independently developed methods for topic discovery based on the Linked Data. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. Moreover Cove et al. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. We compared our ranking methods over a random sample of 3 ,000 queries from the search engine query logs. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. The way rules are activated with respect to the events of a transaction is described by a recursive function evaluate  , which takes as parameters a stream of events and a database state. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. If a plan is found it is guaranteed to be the shortest because of the nature of breadth first search and if the search fails to find any solution then no solution exists for the part. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. For the predicate function Pred  , a step with no children simply returns itself. In contrast  , the population of STEM instructors in our focus groups included non-users or potential users from a variety of colleges and universities who were not necessarily innovators. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. Without any learning module  , Random Walk is presumably neither efficient nor effective. Normalized pointwise mutual information npmi was computed over token bigrams appearing in a random sample from the Yahoo! are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. For query expansion  , we tried the classical blind relevance feeback to add new topically-similar terms to the query. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. 2015 of a major search engine  , from which we collected a random sample of 146M query log entries whose clicked URL belongs to the tumblr.com domain . We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. These clauses are well-defined provided the negation operator is not used in front of recursive predicates. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. Otherwise  , we cannot tell anything about p. Such a function T would at least be capable of telling us that some subset of pages with a trust score above δ is good. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. This expansion results in a loss of precision compared to the original query. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. Tuples have two operations  , construction and element selection tuple projection  , defied on them in addition to equality based on the equalities of their constituent types algebras. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. We here discuss the design implications of our initial observations of the HCW prototype. It can also be used directly as a prior for guiding scan matching. While soft matching for retrieval was studied before  , this is the first time it is applied in the CQA vertical search scenario. Our work addresses random generation of unit tests for object-oriented programs. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. After query expansion  , it is reduced to 0.017. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. , have a non-random date distribution 5 . Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. Adding new documents to the refined path index is accomplished in two steps. Furthermore  , the number of small SubStNCtureS 1 to 4 atoms can be enormous  , so that even storing only the topmost levels of the tree can require a prohibitively large amount of memory. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. We can use R. F. to denote the baseline  , which adjust the parameter of a BF by optimizing false positive and search query terms in a random order. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. MRFs were also used  , for example  , for query expansion  , passage-based document retrieval  , and weighted concept expansion 27. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. By referring to the feature map  , each particle can determine the relative orientation of features observable in its field of view as a function of bearing , all-pairs or star and the type of interconnection index used  , we generated 1000 random queries for the Sigmod Record document . We use oddnumbered topics 800–850 from the Terabyte track for training . Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . To compare the performance of different query expansion patterns  , we used the top 1  , 000 tweets returned by API. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. A query is expanded using words or phrases with similar meanings to increase the chance of retrieving more relevant documents 14. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. , 2 messages per search in practice  , for all the RF'* dgorithms. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. We then factorize this probability as follows: likelihood function. In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. Let Q be a query submitted by the user It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query  , in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. This paper is organized as follows. Only the definition of windows over the data streams and the new triple pattern operator need special rules. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. Com* * Work partially funded by the EGov IST Project and by the Wisdom project  , http://wisdom.lip6.fr. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. As such  , in an SSD-based search engine infrastructure  , the benefit of a cache hit should now attribute to both the saving of the random read and the saving of the subsequent sequential reads for data items that are larger than one block. The other is that Repeatable also handles loops that arise from user interaction with the dom. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. The original motivation of this work was to build an effective ranking function for usenet searches involving queries relevant to Microsoft products. A multi-heuristic search method is proposed in 7  , that generates dynamic subgoals when the search is trapped in a local minimum. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. The resulting operation  , called SIKC val*v ,R.k  , delivers and marks all non marked tuple ve&es connected to the value v by one edge valued by R.k. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. To evaluate the resulting context vectors  , we manually constructed a search query incorporating the ambiguous word and its most discriminating related words for each major word sense found. In the experimental paradigm assumed in this paper  , each retrieval strategy to be compared produces a ranked list of documents for each topic in a test collection  , where the list is ordered by decreasing likelihood that the document should be retrieved for that topic. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. The first is a distance transform  , where the likelihood  , p d   , of a registered pixel  , v  , depends on its 3D distance to the closest edge  , edgev. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. The project commenced as usual with Losey beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. Simultaneously  , the Razumikhin function is also used to prove the stability of the time-delay systems due to the com­ plicated construction of the functional . At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. Moreover  , the time points identified using different dlen are independent comparing Fig.l7a with Fig.17@ and Fig.lBa with Fig.l8@. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . For this reason we used the semantic classifications generated by our named entity recognizer to discover such relations when looking for relevant passages. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. Indri. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. For all other uses  , contact the owner/authors. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. These likely locations are reported to programmers typically at coding-time. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Limiting the queue size limits the worst case storage requirements and performance of the al- gorithm. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Another improvement is to use information contained in manual tests to further guide the search for fault-revealing inputs. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. The above formula is obtained by just assuming that the probability that an instance is positive is equal to the product of probability  , Pr+|F a Pr+|Ea. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. The searchers tended to use more query terms on the experimental interface than the control system and more terms were added through query expansion. We adopt three query expansion methods. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. , an " uninformative " prior. In the previous section  , we explained the main hypothesis of the search-dominant model  , Proposition 3  , that shows how visit popularity is related to the simple popularity. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. These patterns  , mainly consisting of appositives and copulas  , are high-precision patterns represented in regular expressions  , for instance " <SEARCH_TERM> is DT$ NNP " . We expect that multiple settings make sense in all non-trivial ObjectRank applica- tions. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. An answer pattern covers the target  , the property  , an arbitrary string in between these objects plus one token preceding or following the property to indicate where it starts or ends. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. This resulted in a total of 176 query templates. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. Random search in such a space is hopeless. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. The capability t o guarantee that a point in the workspace is reachable in any orientation despite joint limits is unique t o this work. In our framework for query expansion  , we adopt a variation of local context method by applying language modeling techniques on relations to select the expanded terms and relation paths. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. We submitted results on both topic distillation and home page/named page finding tasks. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. They use a bitmap of the workspace and and construct numerical potential fields. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. They may constitute part of more complex execution plans Thev89The temporal complexity of a depth-first search is OmaxCardX ,CardA while that of a breadth-first search is OCardA Gibb85 . We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Five of the nine retrieval methods used in the Query Track expand the query substantially either implicitly or explicitly . In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. The main reason for using LR to estimate parameters is that few statistical assumptions are required for its use and 0  , 0  , ..  , 0 and q 0 = 0.5  , 0.5  , ..  , 0.5 ; This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. The hyperparameters of the kernel have been set by optimizing the marginal likelihood as described above. The optimal weight for the expansion queries α was 0.2. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. A screenshot of the experiment application is shown in Figure 2: the title bar displays a single search query  , selected randomly from the collection. , + and data e.g. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them.